# October 15, 2025

// As i see the time of writing, it's 19:16. well, i had been writing for idk
// how long. but yeah it's some time...

I woke up, near about 6:24 in the morning. And like everyday, I had checked for
some messages and news over the phone.
I had found none special. Well, then as much as I remember, which I don't
because i've 12kb memory, i had gone to poo for 20 mins.
And was getting ready for school What would you expect someone at the start of
the day huh?
Since yesterday night, I was thinking about, writing this log, or a personal diary if you are not a dev.
Last night, while massaging my father's leg which he asks me to do near about everyday for miraculous reasons.
I was thinking about this. I need to write this log. because

- I've 12kb of memory
- I need to analyze my life.
- I need a record of events to know how i discovered things and how i can explain it to others.
- I would like to make a record of it so that I might become more self aware and might
  correct my decision making if i went wrong at places.

Well, leaving that. I had went to school. There is a reserved automobile (that's what you call it in english right huh)
which takes me to the school. Though the school is not that far, well it is, but idk, not so far (lol, these words have no meaning unless in a comparision), I could go there
on my own. But my parents fear. I've a bicycle too, but my father don't let me go so whatever.
Well, my mom, is a hardworker ngl. She gets way less sleep. But yeah, because of that she always wakes up a little late.
And for some miraculous reasons, when her one last paratha is left to be baked/cooked/toasted/$(whatever you call it),
then only the driver calls us to tell "get down/ready/yk". well. whatever, he had to wait a few seconds (few is subjective)
But yeah, i had forgotten my id card and tie, so i asked mom and she gave it to me using a bag tied with a rope.
We have that mechanism. Helpful for transfering things up and down. I also use it to give her the keys after locking the gate.

Anyways. I went to school. And, then I was expecting someone else to come as well. But she was absent that day.
And then, the vehicle went on and for some reason, a few people were going school that day though today was the health checkup.

Then i was at school, my shoes have some problem that their laces are long as hell, idk why how to solve it but yeah. it's very terrible.
Hard to handle. always gets untied. nvm that. so, i went inside. whenever i come to school, in a matter of seconds (less than the previous few lol)
bell rang and assembly starts for which we have to get to the corridor. I never understand the point of it. Like why. WHY?
well. people say prayers there. I feel like why am i forced so i don't. So others do I don't. I always had some problem to look at the left side of
me then. But yeah i also liked to view that side for some reasons that i felt insane about but yeah, it is what it is.

I have no friends. Atleast i don't consider that i have friends. But i used to have. Dev raj is one of them, maybe i'm closest to him. But still, he
is not my friend atm. But yeah i try to remember the days by seeing him. He's in the same school in the same class in a different section.
I am used to peek at him from there (not in the sense of getting your head out of the varandah cz there are jail like rods lol)
He sees me sometimes and sometimes not. but yeah, so. whatever. things happen. they tell speeches of whatever and shit and all.
Then there comes the preamble. literally THE PREAMBLE OF THE INDIAN CONSTITUTION. like who the f reads it.
well, if that is not something crazy then, we also read the part that says "This 26th day of november 1949", like stfu bro.
well, we have the pledge as well, it's something different. that we say on mondays to wednesdays.

then, there is the amblem or whatever you call it. huh. i don't remember the word. i'll google it. ok so it's national anthem.
we say that. but i don't. well i do sometimes when the teacher is looking at or near me. but not otherwise.

then we went to class again. there is seat rotation in our class. we rotate our seats in the row direction. well. idk how to describe it.
well. the row is gapless so. table->seat->table->seat. now you can see some school pic if you are unclear lol.
well. some backbenchers restrict that for which i've to stay at the frontmost desk. well it's not something that i hate. but i wanted to be beside someone.
well. everything will be alright tmrw so it's kind of insane.

but yeah. the classes went on. they took attention. i speaked up this time at the time.
i dunno what to say more about it. the first class was of history/civics. she was teaching civics.
she told some info about viva she's going to take after Diwali. and then started yapping.
idg why she does things lke this. anyways, then follows the computer period. i'm in class 10th
here, you were given the option of computer/commerce. i chose computer cz i've the sufficient knowledge so i don't have to learn _forcefully_.
well. so what happens. is that there are 3 sections and almost and equal number in both categories. so one section, the section 'C'
is a computer only section. all students there are of computer batch. but section 'A' and 'B' have both computer and commerce students.
So what happens is that both sections have the computer/commerce period at the same time and day everyday. And, when that happens,
computer students from section 'B' go to 'A' and commerce students from 'A' to 'B'.
So i get to meet Dev raj for a little time. well. i mean. we play chess. he loses though is a 1800 elo smh. idk. well whatever.

This day when we were switching after the lifetaking civics class, (we take the bags with us while the switch, cz ppl **steal**)
ig all boys were present smh. the both rows were fill. the front 2 seats were only empty. i was going there. but there were 3 ppl fighting over 2.
Harsh, and priyanshu are what their names are. Well, i call the latter "physics guy" for some reason. but yeah. let's leave that for now.

So, what happened is "physics guy" seats alongside me in section 'B' and idk why but "Harsh" tries to sit with him when i try to sit near Dev.
Well, what happened was they took those 2 seats now i was seatless... There were two people bunking or whatever idk. So i sat at their place.
Someone told me that they'll come and sit there. And i asked where do i sit then and they say that's your matter. and i was like ok, lethem come.

They come, "LOKESH" as well came. He gave me a position in the girls' first 2 seats. There were Gargi and Lucky sitting there. (yes, "lucky" is a name of a girl)
Well, they moved back I sat there. He was talking about the comptuer project we had to submit and what not and ... so i was not taking care of it.
But was trying to peek at dev signalling him to play blind chess. But yeah, he was not in view because of "physics guy" and "harsh". well,
gaurav (another character, sits alongside dev) was visible but he was not looking at me ig. well wahtever whatever. so, he told. when i thought
my 12kb brain is not going to remember this much i wrote it down over the school diary. then, he was teaching and giving questions.
well. now i remember that i had several "LOKESH" memes that i had to share in VNC (Variable Name Crisis, a discord server) and Artindiland,
where i'm the most active atm. So, he told us to make a program that accepts a "sentence" (yes he says accepts and not input for some reason)
and print the words that start with vowel in new lines. well he took all the period in that explaining things in the worst way possible
that i don't remember now but ig i'll remember and then i might write here or give the memes in the servers mentioned most probably....

so, ig that's enough. i wrote the answers on my notebook ofc. and then well. he does a lot of egoistic bs stuff in between.
and then we had to go for the health checkup we went there in line. and then, we had height and all that lemme tell you my stuff
height: 169cm (with shoes ofc)
weight: 71kg (with all things that i wore)
and then we went inside and there was some benches and the doctors. well always the doctors come from St. Mary Hospital.
that guy like did checkup of mine so quickly that i feel like he had not checked me properly but whatever.
He wrote me as "healthy"
He also checked my nails. which i had cut at 6:58 before school because i knew this was gonna happen lmao. (school time is at 7:20 and
the vehicle comes at 7:00)

Well, the eye test then happened. I thought my eyes would be bad. but there were 6 on 6. that guy told me to eat green veg tho.
well whatever, i returned to the class. ppl were bunking.

then the 4th period came. Shweta mam (another character, well all characters are important, cz i've less characters in my all life lol)
she came and then "Harsh" and "Arpit" (may i know why i am writing the names in quotes, huh?). and shweta mam put them outside like everyday.

Well, you lack the context if you are someone not dkp but that's the book for brother.......

and then she taught sulphuric acid (about ofc). lemme tell you. we learnt about conc. h2so4. and that it is a dehydrating agent,
oxidising agent, non-volatile (ACTUALLY LEAST VOLATILE BUT WHATEVER) acid. and some reactions and whatnot.

then, lunch, i ate, then biology sir. he's a "LOKESH" (LOKESH is a name and it has some meaning i gave it to be. lol) as well.
he has some problem with boys cz he's simp. Well. he was trying to use extramarks in the new smartboard that we had.
But it was not working great. It lagged a lot. Well. whatever. good that we had to handle that guy less.

then, shweta mam again. well. she had this period only. but that period was taken by her because we had laboratory but,
we are not doing that right now so yeah. well. you'll understand things if you have the timetable of mine lol.

Well, then, time for Ramasheesh. he teaches us math. now, he's quite calm guy. like. everybody teases him bro.
well. i feel kind of bad at him but yeah i feel sometimes that he deserves it but whatever...
so every girl asks him to not teach today everyday lmao but he doesn't listen as he should.

He was giving questions based on trig and height and distances of things and we did and yk yk.
I had forgotten that you can rationalize the denominator and i hope i will not forget it later lol.

ok, so school has ended. i came back to the auto. well while talking with devraj about some chess ig (might be wrong but we started with it)

now, that's done. i came home. well nothing much to say in between but yeah. so i came, my mom was in the shop.
she gave me the phone and and keys to the room. and then we went. i was trying to see the discord updates but it switched off.

i came and undressed and put the thing on charging and turned on my pc like i always do.
i remember that the lunch and waterbottle is still inside my bag but yeah. i'll get it out now.

since then i'm over this. well not. i was well. talking on discord most probably and learning about arch and stuff. and in sometime idk
cz of my 12kb brain, my mom came from down and give us food and we ate and she told me that the ca was calling me for years and if i know
shit about commerce but yeah. i just hug her that i normally do. i hug her several times a day to calm her down and it gives me hope that
she'll understand me once but whatever....

so yeah, i ate while watching videos. i wanted to install arch so i knew i wanted to make partitions so i wanted to learn about them.
then i found about file systems and then i learnt about them but i still don't know much about them so i decided to study them.

well, yeah. but then my mom said if you have to take rest then do so now. so i did. after suspending the pc. (i tried it for the first time lol)
i gave no password and tried it and all. and was like did this turned off or what because the thing became blank the lights of monitor started blinking and the light of mouse went off but whatever. it did not and all things were saved. after i clicked over the power button of the pc box.

then, i slept, then i woke. near about 17. idk. then again. i came here. checked the updates. most probably argued with baba (another character)
well. idk why don't he understands things but yeah. he seemingly thinks that i'm trolling everytime when i'm not but ok...

so, then after all that. i started writing this log. and for some reason idk how it's 20:18 at current.

Well, yeah. This is my first log. now in some time i'll have to go to the shop to get it shut and my mom's saying that go after
shutting down the pc because you have to get the money sorted. so yeah. i'm not turning it off but yeah whatever....

well. ig this is ok for now. ok she is telling me to throw the trash of the store that is kept by "Sahil bhaiya" that works in our store,
out and don't ask my father because he'll say no to it.

ok, so now. ig. this is fine enough. i don't really care about spelling errors with this one so much but yeah.
i'll accept PRs. :heehee:

well. she is saying that "go to shop" and "take out your bottle and tiffin" now lol.

oh boy, it's 22:28. i've seen a lot of unique stuff to write down. well i've to eat food though. it's "parval ki sabji and roti". i don't like that much.
but yeah food is food and gotta eat it so yeah.

now i'm thinking should i write what i have to do now or after. ig after. i'll try to do that. also i can't forget to write these cz these will be shown in the git diff.
:heeehee:

it's 23:32. and i'm done eating.

so, when i dressed up and went downstairs, i like went to the intermediate floor (cz me going to ground floor is continuous...).
and there i saw the things. (cz i had eyes open.... lol) well. that floor is kind of storage floor. there are goods stored
in there. and i just looked at there. i am telling this because i was shutting the gate to the rooms there (without the lock cz i had no keys then)

and then i went downstairs to the shop. well. i don't want to talk about the things here in detail.
there is a "pankaj" uncle kind of guy. he teases me for no reason. idk what's happening and ig even future me doesn't need this to be known...

and then cz it was near about 20:30 then, i had to release "Sahil" bhaiya as his working hours were over. And thus i took the gate keys
and opened the gate for him to get his bicycle out.

then i had to wait because my father had to do payment to some old uncle guy. he sells "rajakh" detergent powder. and my father was talking to him.
for quite a long time. well. then after talking and handling the money and stuff. i shut the store's shutter using a rotation system using some
form of lever or whatever you call it. when i was done some guy came and said that he had to put the banner of Everest masala.

well. companies like those put banners over shops for advertisement purposes for free. then, i told my father inside and then he like
took out the things that were to be taken home and like took out the money and stuff.
and then, he told me to get these things to the 2nd floor where we live. and then i asked him the keys but neither he had nor we were able to
found the keys to the shop region in the ground floor. my father asked "sahil" bhaiya. he too didn't had it. and then i was confused and then
i and my mother tried to find the duplicate keys and stuff but my father then found the keys outside. they might have been fallen when
i was locking the shutter.

well. then i get 2 people to the 2nd floor they used rope and some metallic seemingly wire and stuff to get the banner placed from topside.
and then they used their vehicle with a ladder to do with the bottomside. one guy was bit by a bee because there is a small beehive somewhat near the shutter
and they were unable to see at night. my father told them to use chuna, i.e., CaO if they had, which they did for idk reasons.

well. there was some random guy as well in all these things since the start of the work of banner which was not the part of the banner team.
he was helping them though and he knew somewhat a lot. he asked them where they were from and they were from Lucknow and some kanpur road and so.
Like he knew the places ig. then my father also asked the rate which were like 65INR/sqfeet and the board was of size 24\*8 sqfeet and the labour cost
was of 4.2k INR. which is quite a lot for a company to give out for free.

well. then they took the pictures and then the signature. that random guy that i told about was asking me questions like my name, standard,
school name, class teacher, principal, father name and ... and i replied accordingly and then he said. see how stupid i am.
i'm not using "shreemati/(idk the male equivalent, i forgot)" which are just respect adjectives. something like "Mr./Ms./Mrs.".

well idgf. and then he asked for some money and my father supported it to give 50/100. because he had helped them.
and then he blackmailed that if they won't he'll put the banner on fire and there will be more distruction and all.
and he also said that if he gives money, they'll get some beer or related and like he'll share and ...

but yeah after that, my father and i got in and my father said he's mad that's why we get in fast. and ...
then we got to the 2nd floor. and then i did what i had already told above.

now, it's 23:56. and i'm going to sleep. or maybe, i'll packup my bag and sleep. i'll see what is suitable first tho.
i was unable to do many things. i just wrote the first day log. well. ig i'll be able to get some time to do other things tmrw onwards.
well this thing is a liability on it's own. but i'll get better with practice most probably. also it's better than doing nothing.
i can do this when i'm bored or stuff.

pretty good. huh.
