# October 16, 2025

It is exact 19:00 at the time of writing this one.
I had to start way early on. And you will know what caused me this delay and now
i'll start.

Ok. starting from where i left. yesterday night. (peeks where i had left).
So, after shutting down the pc yesterday. I packed up my bag.
And then went upstairs to poop where i thought and due to which i thought a quite
long time had been passed but it was just 10 minutes which i had checked because
i had the smartphone because i had forgot that the lights have been placed their
as of now. (well, no. i was using that as a way to take it up for some reason.)
Well, if my future me doesn't know. Then lemme tell you that at this time, the
bathroom was at the 3rd floor without gates but in a position that one can
hardly peek in there. Well. now after doing the stuff, i came back downstairs
to second floor. Now, i shut the door and slept. My father was still awake
watching something on the mobile, most probably facebook or reading some chats
of whatsapp idk. but yeah he was awake and he most probably knew that i'm there
but he didn't ask me to massage his legs this time. so i took the blanket and
like folded in a way that it can't get off of me and then took my mother's hand
and slept over it because i neither had pillow and neither i had sleep on
pillows. My mom's hand is the best sleep attractor for me.

Now, i woke up. at 6:30 due to the alarm clock. Well, i've set the alarms at
5:00, 5:30, 6:00, 6:30, 6:45. but i woke up at 6:30. why? because my mother
accepted it. She was sleepy and it woke her up but didn't me for some reason.
She is more attentive ig. Well, i had woke up and i woke my sister up as well.
Now i believe i'll be capable of getting most out of my 12kb brain. now the
things are going to begun. HAHA.

Alright. I quickly checked the discord status most probably (i'm unsure bout
this). But yeah, then i would have done something maybe idk. man. i went to
poop. yeah. and then i came at 6:45 and shut the alarm up. and then i went in
the bathroom (the 2nd floor bathroom). and washed my face. got out and saw the
time. it was 6:49. well. then, i brushed up my teeth. (unsure about this, might
have done this before pooping but most probably not) and get dressed.
my mom said that she would not be able to wake up and do things so we got 50-50
biscuits (50-50 is the name of the biscuits) for lunch and my sister filled the
water from the tank or whatever you call it. a temporary tank kind of thing.
yeah. so, and then we put it there. and then at 6:58 a call came from the driver
and i handled it to my mother she said that it has been a little late. please
take other children before coming here and that's what happened. we went
downstairs at 7:12 or after when the driver called us to get downstairs.

now, there were children in the vikram. because they had already took them. now
you most probably know that school timing is 7:20 so we could be on time if we
went straight to school. but we had went back. well why? because a little girl
had to come to school but had not come on time and her elder sister had said
that "we aren't coming. carry on the work" (not literally, i had not heard lol)

well. that girl said that she is "pagal" or "mad". but ig she doesn't know what
it really means (even i don't but i do) and just knew it's kind of disrespect.

So, we went late to school and I got over. And then we were late ofcourse.
And, what the freaking hell. I had again issues with my shoelaces. No matter
what I try this is always an issue. Well, i carried on. And went to the other
way. Well, idk if i should describe the map of St. Francis School but whatever.
We were going to the right direction where the toilet was. There was a decently
wide passage from there (in the forward and not right direction). There was even
a damn big well but i don't know it was covered with jail like iron rods over
each other perpendiculary if you know what i mean. Well, ok i know how you
should describe it. Like the filterer of a tea filter. now i don't know what you
call "channi" in english so i'm making things up okay.
Well i'm explaining that because some people like I use that to get my diary out
of my bag to get it signed that i'm late this day. I went towards "LOKESH" and
he signed this and then i went again in the "forward direction" to the left
passage again decently wide. which was like a small hole in a rectangular
perimeter of building. (i.e., the center was fieldland with a little upground
near the center right aligned (according to my perspective i gave through the
directions).

Now, i tried peeking at the varandah i was in, which i mentioned in yesterday's
log. Trying to look at someone. well, "kshitija". idk why but yeah. so then i
might not have mentioned that "physics guy" was too late today. so he was also
coming. that time i was near the well. i had my diary out but i was sitting to
tie up my shoes. well. now getting back to assembly. i didn't do the assembly as
usual. Btw, the diary i had brought out. i had secretly put it in his bag so
that i didn't had to carry. He knew that i opened his bag's chain but not that i
had put the diary in it. I told that i was checking what you had in there.

Well, we got to the classes. We sat at the first seat. "physics guy" was
concerned that someone else will take the seat but i knew nobody would because
it's the first seat in the row. Then, it was the moral science class according
to the time table but we had the hindi class. because moral science was of no
use to be taught as the exams were not going to happen so yeah. So she continued
the story "Wolfs and the Sheeps" (transted to english). And it ended. She had
went to little about politics because the story is basically a metaphor over how
corrupt politicians use pleasing characters to make the dumb citizens vote them.

Then, it was the english period. we continued the chapter "The Last Lesson", in
there. It was based over procastination. The guy Frenz or related was there and
some army warfare had happened due to which they could only study german and not
french and he felt bad to not learn french and ...

Then it was the Physics period. He taught us about e.m.f., voltage drop and
terminal voltage. And then he made us relate to resistance and stuff.

Then it was chemistry we started metallurgy. I got confused a little after the
"Shweta" mam went about "smelting" and "chemical leaching" but whatever. i'll
get it later. Well i thought i knew it. But "physics guy" told something else.
And then i'm unsure if i know the correct version. Well. "Physics guy" had went
to "Harsh" at the physics period for idk reasons.

Then it came lunch. We were still talking about the difference between those two
terms. And harsh came in and idk he was talking about what he thought but idk
what he was trying to say. And then i got out my 50-50 biscuits and started
eating it. Harsh always begs for things i bring for lunch and i had to give him
2 biscuits. And then afterwards I went to the section 'A' to meet dev raj and
supposedly play a chess game. There, he was with 'Vaibhov', the son of the
brother of "physics guy" (yes...) and some other guy whose name I don't know.

Dev raj was practising to pronounce words that use 'श'. Well. it's a hard thing
for some people including me. It's very hard to differentiate श, ष, स. i call
all of them स. and he was doing the same. i tried to take his side and say that
pronunciation doesn't really matter and also tried to speak those words but
"Vaibhov" said that i was doing better than him. Anyways, the speech was of
Diwali celebration and i was like why did you even participated in that but ok
whatever. the other guy whose I didn't knew the name had defended by saying that
"Sumit" sir cares. But idc tbqh.

Then dev raj went to his seat, because he was sitting at some other place atm.
There as expected was Gaurav. And we started playing chess. It was a little
quick match. he was white doing the vienna and I was doing a copycat edition
till some time. I had blundered a pawn. while getting my knight to his side
which lost the defender of the e pawn which he then took. well, i was doing
things quick and that it was written and not drawn so yeah. it should be
understandable :/

Well, i continued with him till the subject teacher arrived which was "Shweta"
mam in this case. And just as she came from the front and i got out from the
back without her noticing me most probably. (Dev raj and Gaurav had a seat at
the back).

Now, i got to the class. There was a substitute teacher. I don't know her name
as she doesn't teaches us. But she is kind of a quiet disciplinarian type of mam.
The after lunch prayers happened. We do meditation after that time. So we did that.
Then the mam told us to stop and then we used the palm of our hands to rub our
eyes while standing up and saying "Good morning" to her.

And then, i was jumpscared when "harsh" asked me something because he was just
sitting at the seat behind me which i didn't knew he was because it was not his
seat. Well, he was sitting there by sending the guy that sat there, i.e.,
"Amanpreet" behind at the back benches at his seat. The mam had tried to show
the disciplinarian type of things but yeah we are no one to follow and we
continued talking. Like why should we not talk, huh?

So we had a long convo right there. Well, like me he was also participating in
the Computer exhibition that was happening this annual year. He wanted to vibe
code things. He knows things but not enough and is kind of a mysterious person
alongwith "Arpit". Well, if you think that i'm talking about "harsh" and not
"arpit" and it might be normal. so it's not. they are two body one life. well
not really but who knows. well arpit was absent and that's the reason i didn't
mention him. Well, that might be reason why Shweta mam had not put "harsh"
outside.

So, he was vibecoding things and he was making some game using some ai, that he
said was "trai" and not "try". and he had used "chatgpt" to make a json prompt
to give to "trai" which he said he knows that is better to give to ai-s. now i
don't know much about that but it might be reasonable. like i dunno but yeah it
kind of like is believable still. Well i asked if he knows what Json is and he
doesn't he said it's "jack's son" as a dumb joke at which "physics guy" laughed.

Well whatever he had made the game in HTML, CSS, JS combo and was asking me how
to make an executable out of that. _2 minute silence_ HE WAS ASKING TO MAKE AN
EXECUTABLE OUT OF A FREAKING INTERPRETED COMBO USED IN A FREAKING WEB BROWSER.
Well it's kind of understandable he doesn't know things. So i told him that it's
interpreted language. And that HTML and CSS are not even programming language
and ... and i hope that he get that. Also that JSON is used to store info in
human readable way out of which he knew that it was readable. So, i was asking
and communicating about that. And then we went into politics smh. And was
talking about things. When they were talking about "BJP" and "Congress" i've
decent idea about their works and ... so i knew and was able to engage. But yeah
they started talking about "Kejriwal" and something bad that has happened to
him. He is something of the Delhi well some great man but not now as he is in
jail. well some political games yk. well. idk much about that matter so yeah.
well priyanshu agreed to him and thus he said that you are a good man because
everyone he has shown doesn't like kejriwal but he does and then i made a joke
do you hate kejriwal and he said no. then i said have you not seen yourself?
Well i know it's bad joke. But yeah then i started the topic of giving the
voting rights to child and they were talking rubbish and all so yeah...

Well, harsh was asking me to do the fixing and connecting of those because he
said once when he had tried the start button was not working and i know, that
java script might not be linked correctly. but yeah. i rejected it because he
had already the money pending for the work I had done for him and I would like
to waste my time if i earn something right. well i said i would teach you for
free but he didn't replied tho. now, he went back and came and was asking
questions and .. i don't remember all.

then the math class came. Harsh was actually bunking that class.
the "Ram asheesh" sir came and the first thing he asked for was to fix the white
board. well. the thing is idk who (i am the front bencher but i don't pay
attention..) but someone does something unusual to the pen tool which causes
problem and he does that always. well math haters most probably. well, the
"amanpreet" guy went up to fix that thing but he was himself confused.

so lemme explain. the thing is when you click the pen tool. there is 2 major
options and then 5 minor options and other options like color. the 2 major
options say "thin pen", "thick pen". now it's vague and confusing because they
don't refer to the drawn pen size but the side of the soft pen you are using. if
you use the thin pen side that settings are used and if you invert it and then
use the thick pen side. the other settings are used. now it is something that i
even didn't knew lol. "harsh" had told me later. maybe because he watches online
classes and whatnot idk much about those and he must have seen this mechanic.
also this thing is further proved by both category having a thickness selector
lol.

So, amanpreet had set both pens to shape tool. for some reason and he was unable
to see or what but yeah. i was shouting in my minds alongwith priyanshu and even
whispered that he was unable to do so. then, sir started writing the question
and stuff at the blackboard giving up the hope. and then i had to go there cz i
can't handle that much stupidity and fixed those and it now worked. and went
back. and then that guy was still standing there to take the credit saying "it
works now" but yeah sir was like, i've wrote the freaking thing now i don't need
it. this guy is an attention seeker, simp kind of guy, teacher's pet,
short-tempered and mostly dumb sikh.

he went back to his seat at my back. now lemme tell you about "somil", at this
moment he is sitting beside "amanpreet". well tbqh. there are friend groups in
the class. and i belong to none. but since i can't be groupless because i'm an
introvert and i can't sit alone in some isolated place like in front seats of
girls' row now like i was able to do in arun sir's class (class 9). so i had
chose the "priyanshu", "somil", "amanpreet", "aanand", "anant" group. well
"harsh" and "arpit" are like their own group that are somewhat like foxes and
come here and there with their profits in mind.

so what was i saying. well, sir was teaching, and narrating question. class was
mad and ... and the amanpreet guy wanted to had the penetration feeling so he
was vibrating my chair. so i told him to do it with priyanshu because he has
some silly reason but whatever. then, we were having mini talks in and on there.
due to the amanpreet's habbits i had to somewhat abuse him in english of which
he understood only the ||"fucker"|| word and said do you abuse. well he didn't
knew that i did. but yeah. whatever priyanshu said you don't know most of the
abuses that i said. lol. well let's not talk about that. it was some weird
talks. then, what happened. is that kshitija asked me the answer and i handled
her my notebook which she returned after reading and then i said that don't just
make diagrams and sit but try to do it yourself because she had just copied the
diagrams that sir had made and was waiting to be spoonfed.

well. now something funny happened. well, idk what and exactly but harsh fell
with someone else idk who from outside to inside while coming or something, idk
what was happening exactly, and he fell. with lots of noise. which made us all
see at the back. and for that i had put the chair that was levitating at the
back down at the floor. but i didn't knew one thing. what happened was just as i
did. amanpreet started shouting loud. now it was funny for what happened at the
back but it was also funny for why he was shouting. i didn't understand but he
was not seeing at the back like others but was seeing me.(well others started
seeing him because he started shouting). so he signalled me to look down and
when i did i found that the leg of the chair was over his foot. LMAO. and then i
got his leg out and ngl. i had to laugh through peer pressure. because everybody
was laughing, i was able to laugh there...

well. but he used the opportunity to simp and all. but yeah whatever let's not
talk about that. so that's the most of what happened.
well now i remember that in the physics' period, shambhavi and preeti who were
sitting the next row were talking and at that point i was hearing the convo of
theirs. and shambhavi was saying that this guy would have it well what was it
name, she asked preeti. i knew she was talking about me. but then after a few
seconds she asked me the school syllabus. i had it so i said yes. and then i got
it out. well. the first page of the syllabus (the cover page) was torn so what i
had did was used a rubber band and due to that it was folded in some fashion..
and she had made a funny and weird well ig you wont' get the face so i wont'
describe it. so yeah. she did the work and then handed me the syllabus after
some minutes, without the rubberband. I asked her for the rubberband. and they
had it fallen somewhere. So they searched. now i really had no idea what to say
at that position being an introvert and in the society. well leave that they
were searching for it and they did not found. shambhavi in the mid time had
asked that she had the glue so she could glue it and i agreed. but she didn't
said anything but then said that take this rubber. and i was like ok they found
it. but it was not the rubberband that i had over it. it was a rubberband that
girls use to tie their hair. i was so confused what to do. i thought and then i
thought whatever and then just took it and used it to bind the coverpage.

now it was time for the computer class. and some ppl were in a hurry so they had
started moving before "ram asheesh" and were moving outside. he asked him about
where they were going and they replied for computer. now i assume that he
thought that they were going to the lab and thus the class will be empty so that
guy handed me the soft pen and said to switch off the white board. but it was
not gonna happen as i told that we switched sections in the computer/commerce
class. but yeah i just took it and made it stuck over the board cz it was
magnetic. and went with the bags to the class. i had hurridly went to grab the
seat beside dev raj to play chess and i had got it successfully. priyanshu was
going to sit beside me but he sat at the front seat due to some drama.
well it didn't matter because we had to go to the computer lab anyway. So yeah,
we went on and we were thinking of playing on the computer and ... that we
forgot to take the bags to the computer lab which we should have because it's
the last period and we were the only ones to do that but who cares. so yeah we
got in, untied the shoes and put it in the shelves and then sat and i was trying
to sit near dev raj where my seat is not assigned and i had take the stool from
the back. and the people who were sitting there were finding their seats lmao.
well. then i had to sit there because "LOKESH" had to enter the chat. and then
he said that let this guy be near you, it's going to be for your profit and
stuff. he's "LOKESH" (his name which i define as synonym for mf) what would you
expect, huh.

and i asked him whether we can play chess and then he rejected and i put the
blame over dev raj but he said that you are the one to say tho. well he value me
because ig he knows that i can expose him or whatever. but he knows i know the
most. so i had to sit again where i was destined to be. and like i signalled him
to do blind chess and he was like no you come here and we'll say we are coding
together and will play chess on paper but i was like why me, now it's your turn.
well. i had started the pc and opened BlueJ on the way, and was exploring the
codebase of my "Mathematical Expression Evaluator" that had the framework but
did nothing till now. But yeah some guy had come hurridly and sat alongside me
he's an weird-like guy but not weird as well guy idk man how to describe him but
yeah he came and sat alongside me. his seat was not there but his seat was
occupied by someone else and he said he doesn't want to ruin the decorum and all
that.

while doing things we were having some mini convo. like about the keyboard and
that i use linux. end of windows life at 14 oct, that i had mapped my capslock
to lctrl/esc and my muscle memory was ruining me, i don't touch mouse often,
this software is very shit, and told him some shortcuts that were usable...
well. he was doing computer notebook work first of all. and i asked him why and
he said like yeah why and i thought i'll delve into UCG but yeah the situation
became unfruitful so nevermind. well. "LOKESH" had come to me asking for
exhibition and stuff and said what i'm going to do. i had questions first of all
so i asked if i had to bring pendrive or something or will i get internet access
through school wifi and .... well he said find someone with laptop and team with
him and that school wifi gets very restricted access and whatnot. let's not care
about small details. it's already long and it's 23:34 and some things are
happening which i'm going to explain but idk if i will be able to do so now.

well. he found out that he had forgotten to put his shoes at the shelf because
of being a little late and he had got it inside. well. i had helped him escape
tho. because it really doesn't matter much imo.

ok. now i, dev raj and gaurav went downstairs in a line with others but we went
to take our bags. and then talked in the way. now i don't know the convo but
yeah. might be about chess. might not be. i have no idea.

ok let's fast forward to that i took my sister and went to the vikram and then
sat there and there was "shambhavi" (she goes in my vikram i had told that in
yesterday's log ig) she said where is my sister because she couldn't find her
and now that i think she didn't came in the vikram that time ig. maybe, maybe
not. whatever. so i on the way had asked her why had she not come yesterday when
the health checkup and she said she was not well that time and we talked about
the amanpreet guys' overreaction and she said he's a comedian.

now fast forward, i reached home, my sister and i got down. i usually take the
bag from her and then give her when she gets down and she always run. this time
she could get hit by a bike and was so close but she never listens. and she ran
away and i came normally till the house inside the ministreet (gali).

when i was putting the shoes away, aarya, my sister, had closed the gate and
then i had asked my mom to tell her to open it and then she got angry and said
that you guys won't let her eat peacefully. well, ~now ig the motive of writing
this will be fulfilled. ahh. ig ahh. ok. nvm. i should have delete this
sentence.~

well, i went inside after she opened the gate. and she became a little angry for
idk reasons. and i undressed and my mom told me to take the bath so i had to. it
always feels cold now. my mom was angry at me. and i'm going to tell that. well.
she said that i don't do things. people of my age go to the market and get
things and like sell things on the store and that a guy younger than me can sell
me and i'm stupid and all. my father might have told about the random mad man
guy about yesterday night and then asked me that what i had answered. and she
then told me to put "shreeman/shreemati" and i just had to go with the flow and
then after all that i hugged her. and idk how many times i hugged her maybe
10-20 times in a matter of minutes. and i had sat alongside her. and my mom had
not eaten a bite that my sister went to the bathroom and had bathed as per my
mom's statement. and then she told her to do more of the stuff before i give her
"gamcha" that is not a towel but a piece of cloth that we use to wipe ourself
and not towel because it's hard to clean towels. well. one thing that i hate is
that it feels very cold while bathing. i had to take a mental preparation before
doing so. and then after than when i sat down the cold water hits me. and then i
after a lot of courage open the tap slightly so that less water came over my
head and since there is hair i'll feel cold calmly and then i can increase the
flow of water afterwards and then i quickly bathed and then went and then got
ready after find the undergarments and stuff and then wore the shirt and the
"half pant", you'll know the reason for this quote later.

my mom then went downstairs with lunch for my father. and it's kind of weird and
i feel bad but i can't do anything. well she does majority of the work and is
still doing atm of 23:52 (u'll know later in the log). so giving her more work
doesn't seem feasable to me. but i'm at a state where every thing that i can do
seems wrong so i really don't know. so she went and told me to eat the food. now
since i knew there has been happened a lot i wanted to start writing write then
so that i could get time later and maybe do more things than just writing log a
day. but yeah. i had to fix things with my dkpvim config for markdowns which
baba had told me yesterday so i was doing so and watching tutorials and it took
quite hours because of things as i didn't know things but yeah i have finally
fixed all of that. you'll know the changes if you see the dkpvim changes at
date.
so it didn't took one single turn i was doing several things i was watching
video i was eating food then and maybe then was when baba had came, i.e., joined
the vc because i was streaming all these. but yeah. my mom had called me
afterwards and that's the reason i was not replying him correctly, you can see
that by seeing the message of this day and time in the artindiland server. i'll
not repeat things that i've said so yeah this might me the biggest log lmao.

ok. then what happened is she called me with bicycle keys when i had filled the
water tanks because the electricity supply had started that time (it was not
there before) so i could fill the empty tanks. and i was not feeling good and
that might be the reason for some messages baba. but whatever. so. i went
downstairs and i had to get my bicycle's tyre with gas from the repair store
though we had the pump because "sahil" bhaiya told that the pump doesn't work
and then that the tyre was punctured. and hear this out with attention. i'll
refer this later in this log. btw. it has been 0:01 ok. i've been writing this
log straight for 3 hours now. and it's still incomplete. nearly half day. omg.
well. i'm going to breeze out things. so yeah. my mom gave me 5inr and 30inr.
she said that get the gas filled by 5inr and the guy would tell me if there is
puncture and if there is then use the 30inr. if not then also that's what i
interpreted it as. and then i took the bicycle and went there which was near
only and then i did the same. the guy didn't say a single thing about punctures.
and i went back riding this time and said what happened. and here this time was
"preeti"'s mother. well. she lives somewhere near though idk why but i've seen
her mom roaming several times. she and his younger sister has also came in our
shop once but yeah she often stays at home i suppose. well leave that.

and i had said i wore "half pants". i hate these "half pants" because they are
way too tight. i hate them. they always get lower down and my ass is sometimes
visible and whatever bro. it feels uncomfortable so to speak. not all half pants
are bad. earlier i wored "bumchums"'s half pants which were actually good but
these were local things and sadly local things here are often bad.

ok leave that. then i had to go to get some writing pad and get the unpaid money
from some guy (halwai sewa kendra) so i went their. i had to go because the thing
my father write bills on was getting nearly over. i went their and came back. it
was of no use because she said she'll pay the later bills after diwali and that
she didn't had the writing pad. but yeah when i came i saw people going wearing
school dress and that also which i had seen in school. I kept going though.
and something fell into the eye. and i had to stop to clean it though i didn't
want to stop at that place because it was near the house that was broken due to road
widening. At that moment I saw "Devansh" coming from the front without uniform
with some guy alongside him who was in uniform. I asked him what he was doing
and he was coming from tuition and he had a little talk and it's useful
knowledge cz i can use this to know the time of outgoing and i need it for
something else. :heehee: well leave that. i came home. told the things and the
"preeti"'s mother had came again for unknown reasons and i had to go somewhere
else as well but i had went upstairs to change the pants because i hate them
ngl. i wored full pants that i'm still wearing at 0:17 and my mom is saying that
i'm unable to see the time. but i've some goals to write this log and it needs
sacrifice but ok whatever whatever. i can just hope that i will remember all
the things so that i can write it later tmrw.
I'll think of them once when i start sleeping. I'll commit this and notify in
VNC.
