# October 17, 2025

I'm writing this at 16:18 after completing yesterday's log.
I woke up, idk how. i don't remember about it much. but yeah my sister says that
she had woke up first. now well, lemme tell you things quick without redundancy.
i'll only tell the difference between several days cz mostly it goes the same
way. well. my sister had went upstairs to poop. and after some time i had also
got the urge to go so i went upstairs and told her to get up and wait a little
so that i can poop in there. then, i did and got up in like a minute and got out
and went downstairs but she had told that i would also have to get out this
quickly as she did when she would have the urge and idk why she said that but ok

now, we did things that we do and then we got to the autorickshaw and ...
now lemme tell you that the vikram that takes us to. are 2 of them. well i mean
that the driver that is has some helper. and because there are a lot of kids,
they use 2 vikrams to do stuff. "Ramu" driver is seemingly the head and "Lallu"
which takes us is the opposite :/ so what happened when we were waiting for
shambhavi and shataskshi (her sister, which she calls Parul but i used to hear
Paro which rachit had made clear the day before) the "ramu" driver had came and
told that "lallu" had to take some other girl (not the same as yesterday) so we
went to a place we usually don't go to and then took her and came back and then
went ahead to school. when we reached there, "ramu" was talking at phone to
someone idk but ik they were someone related to the same little girl that we had
missed yesterday but this time she was too late lol. well. nvm that. we were
late. but the gates were opened. and when i reached the class. there was no
teacher and there was so many people talking. i had to do nothing. i did not
take the first seat but a seat before for it was better this way to have chance
to look at r26. but yeah. there were lots of people talking and idk what was
going on. well, i knew some program was going to happen and maybe related to
diwali as i had seen 3 girls wearing some suit which were of class 9 when i was
on the vikram incoming. well, it took till 7:40 when the program started and all
of us had to get out. idk where but r26 had disappeared somewhere but idk. well.
i was hearing things and ... and what else could i even do. i don't know what to
say about the program there were dances and the act of ramayana and stuff. well.
leave that, after everything and ... nearly at 8:20 the program did end and we
went back to our classes and in some time, we switched to section 'A' because as
you might have predicted it was computer period and "LOKESH" did came after some
time. and ... well he was asking some question according to some program that he
had made us write yesterday but i don't copy him cz he's a "LOKESH" so, yeah he
asked me and i answered wrongly but idgf and "lucky" and "harsh" did it wrong.
tbqh we had practical this time as well but we didn't due to program and i was
sitting near dev raj but were unable to play chess and lemme tell you that
"priyanshu" was absent this day. now, he was asking questions. and people were
asnwering them. ngl the way he teaches is very bad. but i can't do anything. he
prioritizes rote memorization and then thinking, which is kind of contradictory
but whatever. also his variable naming sense is out of the world. btw one source
of confusion is that he uses 'a' as an interating variable in for loops and he
had made a variable i as well for idk reasons and when he asked the question to
me i had interchanged them and thought that java's String.substring function
takes the starting index and the length but it takes both indices. but whatever.

now, it was maths period and he still had the pen issues which i went and fixed
and this time explained to the sir, hopefully he remembers next. and then, he
gave some questions. for the first time i was confused on how to solve those
questions but afterwards he was telling someone else "cancel the tan" and then
it hit me and i knew that i had to use inverse functions (secretly) and then did
the things. "kshitija" was asking me if i had done the 2nd question in between
when i had forgotten about the inverse functions as a possibility and i had told
her not yet. she had asked me once again and then i had given her that. now idk
much about it but yeah that's it.

then the next period was physics and he was teaching us about combination of
resistors in series, parallel and mixed and how to replace them with a single
resistor and stuff. and in the figures he was making a cell but calling it out
as a "battery" and when he once said any problem then i said that yes it's not a
battery but a cell and then he said yeah, you can interchange that with a
battery as well. also, he failed to explain the relations of replacing them
successfully and i'm having a lot of confusion but i know it's best to learn and
rediscover myself than asking him. so i didn't say a word. and that's most of
what happened and then. it was lunch, i took the 50-50 biscuits that i had and
went to dev raj's class and he said that gaurav was playing with silly
restrictions like that because he's noob he's going to play 2 turns after each 5
moves of play in chess. and i accepted it. and then i played. and while i was
playing, something happened to some girl in the class and shweta mam which was
roaming near here (because her period was in our class after lunch) to help her
out. i had got scared. (also we were at the backmost seats) because idk what she
was coming for. and we didn't know what happened to that girl and we focused on
playing and the game didn't completed though i was in a losing position because
of the last blunder i had made and after which some sir had came in that class
so i went back to my class.

now something interesting happened. so there are 2 "ananya singhs" in our class
(both have the same full name). i'm referring to the gargi's group one. she was
talking to someone else and was standing in front of the entry of the row
passage. i am an introvert and had barely went through the little passage that
was hardly left and sat there. and then i noticed that i had not thrown the
50-50 biscuits that i had in my pockets. so i went ahead but she was still
standing. and their was this girl "aradhya" standing at her own seat but since
the passage was so thin i was actually a little rubbed while going through that.
which idc tbqh but the thing is, it feels kind of bad and i feel that someone
would joke and whatnot. but that's what happened and then i threw the packet and
then went back and she was still standing there and talking and then i told her
that "ananya go away from the front of the passage" and she got side and then i
sat (my was the 2nd first seat) and she had made some shocked mouth. well she
knows that i don't speak much so yeah it was something different and she said
that "why are you acting rude you could say that with love" and i was like lol.
but yeah whatever. it's good that she didn't took that at her heart.

well. then it was chemistry period she did some revision of the earlier work and
this time i had resolved the confusion caused by "physics guy" about smelting
and chemical leaching and then mam asked me without speaking up my name to start
extramarks and get it running on the smartboard. and i stood up. and that is
because she has done this 3 times when she doesn't speak up my name but refers
to me in this job. so yeah. btw i forgot to told that "prashast jaiswal" of
section 'C' which you could consider as the first friend i had in my life was
there, btw he is the real son of shweta mam. and he had took my maths book
because he had not brought it and the guy on whose belief he had not brought it
also had not brought it so i gave him and told him to return me at last.

well. back to here so i had to do the things of using the whiteboard and she
then taught about methods of concentration of ores and ... and the period got
over and it was history/civics period she is always in hurry (her name is "baby
rose" btw). and she did things and i was sleepy all around in there and she made
us do the exercises and ... and idgf. well, the next period was english, where
we continued the last lesson chapter and we read only 1 page because she was
explaining a lot ig but ok. that's what happened and then, everything's done i
was still sleepy then and then i got out of the class at last and then went
downstairs and while i was going to take my sister up. I had actually recalled
that i had to take the maths book but didn't because i thought he would message
me and we could have some convo so yeah. i did not go where i would normally
find him. and then took my sister and went to the vikram and what's now. we went
home without any convo in the vikram and then house and then upstairs in here.
my mom was downstairs atm. and i opened the gate and untied the shoes and all
obvious stuff. and i undressed and checked the message updates over discord and
it was nothing significant. and then my mom came after some time and then she
cooked up maggi which we ate and that followed by some vegetables. and here she
said that you had not brought potatoes from "pankaj" bhaiya yesterday when she
had told to not bring them. and when i said that she told that she had only said
no to green vegetables but she didn't said that explicitly so not my fault :/

well. then she went downstairs to feed my father and she has not yet come and my
sister has been sleeping while watching tmkoc and i'm writing this log.
i had to give the money for payments and took the bananas from the bottom using
the bag at the balcony like usual. and i also had mast\*bated at this point as my
sister was watching tmkoc and i took the mobile and watched some p\*rn. and stuff.

nothing much. now it's 5:13 and i have completed both the logs. now i will do
something else. that i should do and not like logs everyday everytime. well, the
day's not over so i'll come back here but for now yeah. it's done.
