# October 18, 2025

I woke up, at 6:34. I watched some of the discord messages which were a lot in
the Artindiland server for 3 minutes. I woke up and then went to poop for 18
minutes and came back at 6:55. Now, you know that i'm pretty late. And then, i
brushed up my teeths and it was 7:00. well, he could call any moment atm. Now, i
searched up my white uniform and then started wearing it and the call came and
i gave it to my mom and she asked him ("lallu") to come after taking other
children and then he supposedly answered that not many children are coming send
them now or he would get to pick students for other schools (they do a multi
school job alongwith many other things). so my mom told him to come. and then
after again some time, a call came (from "ramu" this time) and he told us to go
to come at the road (a little far from where "lallu" come usually). Now, these
people are often confused. that lallu guy also has bad phone which doesn't work
at all times and needs repairs. so what happened is that "ramu" guy doesn't like
that we don't come to the "road" and thus always ask us to do but after a few
minutes that "lallu" guy did came to us after taking all children supposedly
(well since today was "dhanteras" some sort of festival idk about many people
were absent so a 1 time 1 vehicle pull was enough + today was saturday so
primary classes were off). now, i sat. i thought "shambhavi" and "satakshi" her
sister would not come today because they are absent most of the year and will be
now as well because less people are coming but suprisingly they were not maybe
they wanted to have some fun or whatever when people were less, idk. also this
time i had to sit in the front side of the vikram which is rather unusual but
yeah the back was filled and the middle bench that he adds as an extra to
accomodate more children (which also takes lives out of our legs sometimes) was
absent that time.

So, we reached school. And then, i went inside the class and there were like 3
people in there. yeah. a lot of people were absent. but yeah people came and it
became ah. lemme count, 16ish students ig. so yeah 32% ppl had came (was easy to
calculate cz 50 students). So, since i reside in no group and the group i stay
temporarily in were absent so i was sitting alone and the whole row was near
absent. and, "kshitija" had not come that day but "priyanka" had. the thing is
that "shambhavi" and "preeti" sit with each other in the same row as "priyanka".
so "shambhavi" in the vikram at the end of the school were talking to her sister
saying that "i'm a good girl cz i came today to sit with priyanka or she would
be sitting at that row alone". idk what to reply bout that but nvm.

So, we had the assembly and then lemme tell you what happened quick cz nothing
much happened and i was not concious most of the time (fr). So, the first period
was geography, the class of "Arun" sir. idk why that guy is kind of obsessed out
of me. Like if you summarize his actions: he's a state machine with the
following states and transitions:

States:

- Reading mode. (A)
- Explaining mode. (B)
- Random ass question/talk to me (C)
- **DON'T DRINK WATER** mode (D)
- staring for no reason (E)

transitions: all possible (lmao, i found out this by listing them out)

mode C is literally something: idk how or where he brings me in that for no
reason or asks a freaking random question to me (well a joke like question yk)
not that i hate that but i mean. pretty weird. and the fact that it's often me
though not only me. like i'm the 70% probability.
and if anybody drinks water. and he gets the slightest of sign. he'll be out
there saying why do you have to drink water in my period.
also i feel thirsty the most in his period ...

ok nvm. i did not had to describe him here. idk why i did. maybe to describe the
mode E and C of him.

so, he was again like everyday asking for students to participate in for his
geography exhibition. and ... and then he was staring for most of the time at
ppl cz he didn't teach maybe due to population of the class. and then he started
mode C out of nowhere. he asked me what store my father had. i told wholesale
grocery. and then he asked me to get all of the grains 50g each... well he
didn't tell me exactly when and why and ... so i'll not mark his words but ok :/
i was reading the agriculture chapter at that period cz i had nothing to do.

alright, the second period was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was,
was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was. OK i'm going to see the
freaking diary. so it was english period. and he recited the lesson and that's
it and i was sleeping that period.

and then it followed by biology. mahaveer sir had asked "laksh" to come and sit
at the first period and he was called to the first seat at every period so it
was the third time and so he got angry and stuff and misbehaved and stuff and
then anjana mam, the class teacher came and stuff and a fight yk happened. well
after the cooldown, sir asked me to and i setuped the extra marks and then he did
the thing and then history period and then she had some questions to be marked
which was not too much but still much and then it got over she asked someone to
who does the board thing and they pointed it out to me and then i had to setup
the civics thing as well and then at the end she handed me the soft pen as she
was sitting there clicking/spamming nexts as it was mostly all powerpoint :\
and she told that she is not much good in these stuff which i interpret as
technoplegic.

then it was lunch. well, the lunch and the water bottle was kept all by my
sister when i was pooping. well she had woken earlier. at 6:05 but she didn't
woke me up saying that i don't wake up. anyway i took the 50-50 and then took it
to the section 'A'. i've started going there since a little before when i
started writing this log. well, there i was having talk and dev raj (i'll call
him just dev from now onwards...) was saying that he had beaten gaurav in the
rule of 2 moves after 5 move for gaurav unfair chess play. and he was now asking
for 50 moves after 10 move (lmao). also, gaurav told that class 11 had chess and
carrom boards and were playing after asking the teacher because their were very
less people and he said that we could also be able to ask them. but yeah, who
dared to.well. then i had came back to my section again as i had to eat the
banana which my sister has packed up and which was bought yesterday. and there i
found out that nobody was in the class except "priyanka" and she was doing things
with smartboard and she asked me how to change the bg color and i guided her and
then she went and i played with the board and there was a tool option to add a
periodic table so i had added that for fun lol. and then ramasheesh sir had came
again as it was his period now.

and he found me eating banana and touching smartboard but who cares ~she~ he was
saying something about my banana. well. let's leave that and fast forward to
post-meditation. so then he gave some math questions to solve. and i started
solving them. well. that time like everytime and period there was a convo
between laksh and shambhavi and preeti and all and that this time "priyanshu
singh" (not priyanshu sharma) had came in the front seat with respect to me. he
was asking about microsoft bitlock and stuff that had happened to his pc and
whatnot and idk about this i might see what they are but yeah and then he was
talking about complete reset and i said to ask me that online. and he kept
sitting there and now preeti alongwith the rest i mentioned were bullying
priyanshu singh and i found out that preeti studied in the same tutor/coaching
center as priyanshu singh and which was near my house. and priyanshu singh told
me that she doesn't say a word there but is doing here. and shambhavi told that
since "ankit chaturvedi" (there is another ankit patel, but yeah that guy is
different) is not here he is doing to "priyanshu singh".

well, then the period was anjana mam's hindi. and she like always was murmering
and blabbering things to back benchers and all and all and talking about the
morning incident of laksh and ... and i was doing, idk what maybe nothing just
listening and then the next period was games and we went there and priyanshu
singh was following me there as well. i did touch grass there after a long time
and then was just roaming-sitting-sleeping-rolling around there and he was
following me and asking what was i thinking and all. i did not do much there and
staying at one place and even moving was kind of scary and was fearful. i had
also found "parul", shambhavi's sister there but i did not go near her.

after that the school ended, we went to vikram and i after taking my sister
which was there and she had kept her bag on the ground and she said that she had
been in LKG class for drawing for idk purposes and i was ok. and then we went to
vikram. this time there was the same one vikram. and then we sat on it.
shambhavi came later and i asked parul if she was dancing there cz i had seen
her doing so and she replied no it was not her she was in the geography
exhibition and not in there. and then, that's it. i told some of those two
sister's convo at the very start. and now, we went near our house. idk why but
"lallu" bhaiya has started forgetting that i and my sister exists because they
forget to leave me and went ahead and i have to shout to get him to listen and
stop. well, shambhavi suggested to steal his mobile so he can't forget and idk
how it relates to that but nvm.

well, now i came to the house. and to the room like the usual way and then.
my mom had got angry cz she didn't like my face, she said what tension do you
have why have you made a face like that what responsibilities do you have and
... and i had nothing i could do about it. after which,
i had to undress and i put the dress over the table cz i didn't know what to do of
it. should i hang it. if i did and my mom said it had to be washed then what
would i do. and if i put it on washing and she said it was clean and why did you
made it wet then what would i do. so in this confusion i kept it over the table
and then she came and said why did you put it over the table and i explained her
but then she left without explaining me............

well, i had to bath and i had bath and my mom had made sandwiches and then aloo
paratha and she had said some things like to keep the _besan_ out when she calls
and to make some sort of _murmura_ mixture and give it down and that make tea at
the evening and that eat maggi when you have to and that not both of us had to
sleep and then my sister slept.

well, then i booted the pc and watched some videos while eating the thing and
then. eating the paratha after which my mom had went downstairs and then. when
my sister slept, i watched some of p\*rn and then shut it up real quick cz i
didn't had to waste my time.

and then i started writing this log at ah, idk when, but ok. near about 17:00.
and then in break i had talked to baba and he was being a privacy nerd over me
streaming dms. well i've been streaming my screen in the artindiland server for
the last few days. and yeah and then kylo, a discord person i knew which is from
india as well and a game dev joined in and he was in college and was at a break
of diwali and was thus active and we talked and ... also my sister had woken up
so she made maggi for me and her.

btw, i had to give payments and the murmura mixture and whatnot in the
timeframe. it is not a big event that i write but it adds up.

also, that's mostly what it is. my mom has entered the chat as well sometime
when i was talking with kylo and then, after a few minutes parle products had
come so i had manage the inloading and stuff. so i went downstairs and then
after doing the thing and giving all the necessary info to my father, i came up.
now i had been writing since then and now it's 19:51. and now i know that
sometime in the day i had been shouted at but i don't remember much. actually
i'm missing a lot of detail because when i'm home i'm doing my things so yeah.
but yeahhhh. like my mom was saying rn when i had come from downstairs that i
don't listen to her i'll regret in the future. also idk how but she bring my
marriage and she make stories and what not and what not and what not.

but it is what it is.
well. it's 19:53. and i would have to go downstairs in some time. let's see if i
could do something and anything in the fingerprint-connect project i'm working
on.

this is me from 15:31 of 19th. well. i'll complete this day's story now.
well, then i went downstairs at 20:30+ while working on my font-renderer atm and
the shutter shutting sounds were coming and i had not noticed it much. and then
my mom saw me sitting here and doing stuff cz i had no attention over it and
then she yelled at me that you don't hear things, go and stuff. now i'm
mentioning this again that i'm incapable of giving the detail that is needed for
these fights. because my life is basically 3 things. school, shouts/fights,
unconcious/thinking/philosophical/doing things. well. idk that much about it but
i believe i know more of the latter. then i went downstairs my father was coming
from outside. maybe he was coming after checking and leaving "sahil" bhaiya. and
then, i had went without making a sound to the shop side. and my father went to
pee in some room that was going to be bathroom but it is not and is dirty and
... but yeah. and my sister came and she was searching for dad and i told her
that he was peeing and then he came and i gave water on his hands for him to
wash. and then my sister pulled the dad to some place while saying that i've
something to say and ask. and he was asking for crackers and lights as the
diwali had come. now, i really fear asking these things. and i even fear her
asking these things. i just fear it and i hate it. well. i don't know the exact
replies but yeah whatever. then after some time dad asked if i would make him an
"ak cycle" well he meant "excel" with that. but yeah.. he wants me to make an
excel spreadsheet. and the biggest problem is that he doesn't know how to do,
what to do, why to do? and he thinks he can do it faster and better but he can't
and even if he can he doesn't want to invest time in learning things. and it's
very hard for me. every month or week idk, he brings up this topic and i just
can't get out of it. i just don't want to reply. i don't know what to do. what
would i do? what he wants is random. and it seems an overkill and sometimes it
seems that he wants that and sometimes he don't. i dunno what to do and how to
do. i have tried on making spreadsheets for him and also a software to do just
what he wants through rust but he never likes that. it is all due to his lack of
knowledge and idk what to do. nevermind that, i asked if you could explain what
you want. and then he started abusing me. but ok, it's normal. i can't expect
anything else. then we had a call by my mom asking some things to get and i got
those ready and then aarya (my sister) was going upstairs as her task was
supposedly over and then my father told him to take the things that mom asked
and she did and then we all went upstairs after some time. and my father had to
view the intermediate floor and he did and after inspection he went upstairs
and so did i after locking the things.

now, i was upstairs. and i don't remember doing much things but ig i was working
on the font-renderer or was talking and that i had not done much. most probalby
talking and seeing discord updates and ... and very quickly i was called to eat
and miscellaneous things for which i was going in and out the room for which my
mom was getting angry and angry. as i was seeing the discord updates. my mom
asked me to undress and to get onions, chillies and lemon prepared and washed
and i did so and i was taking them with knife in the room to see updates and cut
them but my mom got angry and told to give it to her because she'll do it faster

now i was called after sometime and then i went and there i eat and was watching
tmkoc. there was an episode where jethalal was fearing electricity after
experiencing it in babita's house while fixing a tubelight and the drama behind
that and one episode over dr. hathi's unstoppable laughter. you'll know why i am
mentioning this and if you don't then it would be a proof of my 12kb brain. and
then after eating, and cz i was eating slowly and later and because my sister
had left the sabzi which i had to eat. it was taking a lot of time according to
my mom i was eating for 2 hours from 9:30 to 11:30 and she had been waiting for
us (me and aarya) to come. well, then i got up and did the things and my mom was
getting angry alongwith that she had remembered to put some diya ( a small oil
lamp ) for yam (the god of death in some mythology) as she stated and she came
~fuming~ angrily, and shut the tv and was angry and i don't remember little
communications. and then i cleaned the place where i had ate and then my mom had
explained how and what to do about the diya. i had told her that she could do
that tmrw or here at this floor's balcony only but she was stubborn on saying to
put it outside in the side of the front of the main gate. now, she was trying to
explain me and i'll try to make it a little literal and in english translation
here.

mom: so you have to drop the water from the glass
me: _stops her inbetween_ but where.
mom: outside.
me: but where outside. there are so many points outside.
mom: _gets angry_ use your brain.
me: how am i supposed to know where to put the water and why to put the water
when all of these are not making sense to me.
mom: _gets too angry_ well, you just go, i've explained this to aarya.
(here the correctness and accuracy might fall)
well, we were having some communication at that point and she was getting angry
and angry only for no reason. she says that's why you have to stay with me. you
stay with pc all the time. small girl can understand but you can't. WELL YOU
HAVE DESTROYED HER THINKING AS WELL MOM. BUT YEAH I CAN'T SAY THAT.

so, i and aarya went downstairs and then opened the gate and my mom was
instruction on where to do the thing and i had placed the dia. but she had to
for idk what reasons had to ask at what direction the flame side should be and
she did ask and since i had placed it in the opposite direction she has to fix
that as well. IDK WHY SHE HAD TO DO THAT. omg. blind faith be like. but okkkkkk.

and then she was going upstairs without checking the gate lock and she said that
you should come after switching the light on. also, idk why but my mom said to
TURN ON THE LIGHTS WHEN YOU GO. idk why. it was clearly visible due to lights
coming out of security cameras. and we were going outside anyways and we had the
freaking diya. but ok. ok. so then i said then ok i'll tell mom that you didn't
check though mom had said and then she recalled that and did came and check and
was moving upstairs in front of me. and i was unable to see clearly but it
looked to me that she was intentionally making noise at that time with the plate
she had brought to bring down the diya by hitting it on the stairs and i said to
not do and then for idk what reasons she started shouting that she was not doing
it intentionally. LIKE OK. why are you shouting? you could just say that... and
hearing that my mom also got angry that why are we fighting and all. and then
the talks and fights and yells. and then i went inside, shut the pc down
realquick and then wanted to disappear and sleep **ASAP**. but when she came she
started yelling at me that she's going to sell my pc away if i keep doing these,
i've to give time to other things, i've to help them and with the shop and i've
to study and i've to never answer back and i don't have to put the tongue on her
way (jeeb ladana) well. idk man. she was asking me when i am going to wake up
tmrw. and i HATE THAT QUESTION SO MUCH. SO MUCHHHH. SO MUCHHHHHHH. SO
MUCHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
i hate that. because answering it and not answering is going to result the same
and i can't take a decision. well i answered when i wake up. and she hates that
answer but what should i do. i don't know when i'm going to wake up. i put
alarms that at times you put off and at times i don't even hear. sometimes, my
sister wakes me up. sometimes someone else and sometimes randomly. my sister
usually wakes me up or i wake up on my own on school days. and she hates this
answer and keeps saying that you are goign to wake up for schools but not for
home tasks and this and that. and she said that i've to get the _chatt_ (the
topmost floor, well google it. imprecise translation imo) clear and the bathroom
before 9:30 when "sahil" bhaiya comes and then she says before 9:00 so that i
can eat something before i go to the shop and she said a bunch more things
actually but i have forgotten imo and i can have a bad memory about remembering
more things as well so yeahhh. well. i was feeling too bad at that moment. i
really didn't want to continue living life. i didn't want to see _the tmrw_ but
i had to. the only thing i could do was look the other way and close my eyes and
act like i was sleeping but throught the convo she didn't let me close my eyes
or look the other direction.

and then, i slept. my father was searching me to massage his legs when i was
going downstairs for the dia (same as diya.... depends on the pronunciation...)
and now since my sister had to get some pillows she took it from dad who takes
all the 3 pillows to sleep. and then he woke up and aarya had to massage her
legs after which i had slept.
