# October 18, 2025

I woke up, at 6:34. I watched some of the discord messages which were a lot in
the Artindiland server for 3 minutes. I woke up and then went to poop for 18
minutes and came back at 6:55. Now, you know that i'm pretty late. And then, i
brushed up my teeths and it was 7:00. well, he could call any moment atm. Now, i
searched up my white uniform and then started wearing it and the call came and
i gave it to my mom and she asked him ("lallu") to come after taking other
children and then he supposedly answered that not many children are coming send
them now or he would get to pick students for other schools (they do a multi
school job alongwith many other things). so my mom told him to come. and then
after again some time, a call came (from "ramu" this time) and he told us to go
to come at the road (a little far from where "lallu" come usually). Now, these
people are often confused. that lallu guy also has bad phone which doesn't work
at all times and needs repairs. so what happened is that "ramu" guy doesn't like
that we don't come to the "road" and thus always ask us to do but after a few
minutes that "lallu" guy did came to us after taking all children supposedly
(well since today was "dhanteras" some sort of festival idk about many people
were absent so a 1 time 1 vehicle pull was enough + today was saturday so
primary classes were off). now, i sat. i thought "shambhavi" and "satakshi" her
sister would not come today because they are absent most of the year and will be
now as well because less people are coming but suprisingly they were not maybe
they wanted to have some fun or whatever when people were less, idk. also this
time i had to sit in the front side of the vikram which is rather unusual but
yeah the back was filled and the middle bench that he adds as an extra to
accomodate more children (which also takes lives out of our legs sometimes) was
absent that time.

So, we reached school. And then, i went inside the class and there were like 3
people in there. yeah. a lot of people were absent. but yeah people came and it
became ah. lemme count, 16ish students ig. so yeah 32% ppl had came (was easy to
calculate cz 50 students). So, since i reside in no group and the group i stay
temporarily in were absent so i was sitting alone and the whole row was near
absent. and, "kshitija" had not come that day but "priyanka" had. the thing is
that "shambhavi" and "preeti" sit with each other in the same row as "priyanka".
so "shambhavi" in the vikram at the end of the school were talking to her sister
saying that "i'm a good girl cz i came today to sit with priyanka or she would
be sitting at that row alone". idk what to reply bout that but nvm.

So, we had the assembly and then lemme tell you what happened quick cz nothing
much happened and i was not concious most of the time (fr). So, the first period
was geography, the class of "Arun" sir. idk why that guy is kind of obsessed out
of me. Like if you summarize his actions: he's a state machine with the
following states and transitions:

States:

- Reading mode. (A)
- Explaining mode. (B)
- Random ass question/talk to me (C)
- **DON'T DRINK WATER** mode (D)
- staring for no reason (E)

transitions: all possible (lmao, i found out this by listing them out)

mode C is literally something: idk how or where he brings me in that for no
reason or asks a freaking random question to me (well a joke like question yk)
not that i hate that but i mean. pretty weird. and the fact that it's often me
though not only me. like i'm the 70% probability.
and if anybody drinks water. and he gets the slightest of sign. he'll be out
there saying why do you have to drink water in my period.
also i feel thirsty the most in his period ...

ok nvm. i did not had to describe him here. idk why i did. maybe to describe the
mode E and C of him.

so, he was again like everyday asking for students to participate in for his
geography exhibition. and ... and then he was staring for most of the time at
ppl cz he didn't teach maybe due to population of the class. and then he started
mode C out of nowhere. he asked me what store my father had. i told wholesale
grocery. and then he asked me to get all of the grains 50g each... well he
didn't tell me exactly when and why and ... so i'll not mark his words but ok :/
i was reading the agriculture chapter at that period cz i had nothing to do.

alright, the second period was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was,
was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was. OK i'm going to see the
freaking diary. so it was english period. and he recited the lesson and that's
it and i was sleeping that period.

and then it followed by biology. mahaveer sir had asked "laksh" to come and sit
at the first period and he was called to the first seat at every period so it
was the third time and so he got angry and stuff and misbehaved and stuff and
then anjana mam, the class teacher came and stuff and a fight yk happened. well
after the cooldown, sir asked me to and i setuped the extra marks and then he did
the thing and then history period and then she had some questions to be marked
which was not too much but still much and then it got over she asked someone to
who does the board thing and they pointed it out to me and then i had to setup
the civics thing as well and then at the end she handed me the soft pen as she
was sitting there clicking/spamming nexts as it was mostly all powerpoint :\
and she told that she is not much good in these stuff which i interpret as
technoplegic.

then it was lunch. well, the lunch and the water bottle was kept all by my
sister when i was pooping. well she had woken earlier. at 6:05 but she didn't
woke me up saying that i don't wake up. anyway i took the 50-50 and then took it
to the section 'A'. i've started going there since a little before when i
started writing this log. well, there i was having talk and dev raj (i'll call
him just dev from now onwards...) was saying that he had beaten gaurav in the
rule of 2 moves after 5 move for gaurav unfair chess play. and he was now asking
for 50 moves after 10 move (lmao). also, gaurav told that class 11 had chess and
carrom boards and were playing after asking the teacher because their were very
less people and he said that we could also be able to ask them. but yeah, who
dared to.well. then i had came back to my section again as i had to eat the
banana which my sister has packed up and which was bought yesterday. and there i
found out that nobody was in the class except "priyanka" and she was doing things
with smartboard and she asked me how to change the bg color and i guided her and
then she went and i played with the board and there was a tool option to add a
periodic table so i had added that for fun lol. and then ramasheesh sir had came
again as it was his period now.

and he found me eating banana and touching smartboard but who cares ~she~ he was
saying something about my banana. well. let's leave that and fast forward to
post-meditation. so then he gave some math questions to solve. and i started
solving them. well. that time like everytime and period there was a convo
between laksh and shambhavi and preeti and all and that this time "priyanshu
singh" (not priyanshu sharma) had came in the front seat with respect to me. he
was asking about microsoft bitlock and stuff that had happened to his pc and
whatnot and idk about this i might see what they are but yeah and then he was
talking about complete reset and i said to ask me that online. and he kept
sitting there and now preeti alongwith the rest i mentioned were bullying
priyanshu singh and i found out that preeti studied in the same tutor/coaching
center as priyanshu singh and which was near my house. and priyanshu singh told
me that she doesn't say a word there but is doing here. and shambhavi told that
since "ankit chaturvedi" (there is another ankit patel, but yeah that guy is
different) is not here he is doing to "priyanshu singh".

well, then the period was anjana mam's hindi. and she like always was murmering
and blabbering things to back benchers and all and all and talking about the
morning incident of laksh and ... and i was doing, idk what maybe nothing just
listening and then the next period was games and we went there and priyanshu
singh was following me there as well. i did touch grass there after a long time
and then was just roaming-sitting-sleeping-rolling around there and he was
following me and asking what was i thinking and all. i did not do much there and
staying at one place and even moving was kind of scary and was fearful. i had
also found "parul", shambhavi's sister there but i did not go near her.

after that the school ended, we went to vikram and i after taking my sister
which was there and she had kept her bag on the ground and she said that she had
been in LKG class for drawing for idk purposes and i was ok. and then we went to
vikram. this time there was the same one vikram. and then we sat on it.
shambhavi came later and i asked parul if she was dancing there cz i had seen
her doing so and she replied no it was not her she was in the geography
exhibition and not in there. and then, that's it. i told some of those two
sister's convo at the very start. and now, we went near our house. idk why but
"lallu" bhaiya has started forgetting that i and my sister exists because they
forget to leave me and went ahead and i have to shout to get him to listen and
stop. well, shambhavi suggested to steal his mobile so he can't forget and idk
how it relates to that but nvm.

well, now i came to the house. and to the room like the usual way and then, i
had to undress and i put the dress over the table cz i didn't know what to do of
it. should i hang it. if i did and my mom said it had to be washed then what
would i do. and if i put it on washing and she said it was clean and why did you
made it wet then what would i do. so in this confusion i kept it over the table
and then she came and said why did you put it over the table and i explained her
but then she left without explaining me............

well, i had to bath and i had bath and my mom had made sandwiches and then aloo
paratha and she had said some things like to keep the _besan_ out when she calls
and to make some sort of _murmura_ mixture and give it down and that make tea at
the evening and that eat maggi when you have to and that not both of us had to
sleep and then my sister slept.

well, then i booted the pc and watched some videos while eating the thing and
then. eating the paratha after which my mom had went downstairs and then. when
my sister slept, i watched some of p\*rn and then shut it up real quick cz i
didn't had to waste my time.

and then i started writing this log at ah, idk when, but ok. near about 17:00.
and then in break i had talked to baba and he was being a privacy nerd over me
streaming dms. well i've been streaming my screen in the artindiland server for
the last few days. and yeah and then kylo, a discord person i knew which is from
india as well and a game dev joined in and he was in college and was at a break
of diwali and was thus active and we talked and ... also my sister had woken up
so she made maggi for me and her.

btw, i had to give payments and the murmura mixture and whatnot in the
timeframe. it is not a big event that i write but it adds up.

also, that's mostly what it is. my mom has entered the chat as well sometime
when i was talking with kylo and then, after a few minutes parle products had
come so i had manage the inloading and stuff. so i went downstairs and then
after doing the thing and giving all the necessary info to my father, i came up.
now i had been writing since then and now it's 19:51. and now i know that
sometime in the day i had been shouted at but i don't remember much. actually
i'm missing a lot of detail because when i'm home i'm doing my things so yeah.
but yeahhhh. like my mom was saying rn when i had come from downstairs that i
don't listen to her i'll regret in the future. also idk how but she bring my
marriage and she make stories and what not and what not and what not.

but it is what it is.
well. it's 19:53. and i would have to go downstairs in some time. let's see if i
could do something and anything in the fingerprint-connect project i'm working
on.
