# October 19, 2025

This is me at 16:25. i've just completed the 18.md.

This day started for me near about at 8:30, when i woke up my mom was upstairs
at the rooftop (aka chatt) and was calling me to wake up aarya and get a
scissors and brushes and all and go upstairs. i checked a little bit of discord
and closed it immediately, i took the things i had to take. and i had forgotten
to wake up my sister and the dad was asking me if i had to go to the bathroom
and i said yes at first and then said no cz it felt that he had to go and poop
and it was important for him so yeah. in that talk i had become late at coming
upstairs at which my mom was angry yet again.

and then, there, i had to cut and get the ropes out of the balcony iron bars
thingy, which were there to put the clothes over it to get it dry but my mom
said that cut them cz they have weathered out. and thus i was cutting them from
the sides where it was very hard to unscramble it and after that i tried to
unscramble it myself because in my views they were good and they could be put at
use to other places and after some time my mom got angry cz i was not cutting
them and i gave her the reasoning and she said that she had thrown a lot of
them. and i was thinking inside just because you don't need them. it might be
helpful like this for someone else and if they really needed it to be cut they
could do it themselves. but yeah that's what happened and then after some time
aarya too came upstairs and my father went out of the bathroom after which i
went there and he was brushing up the teeth there and aarya had got some broom
to clear out the place and my mom was going downstairs and she told me the
things i had to do. then after sometime my dad also went downstairs. and then i
had to do lots of things like broom all the _chatt_ and clean the bathroom. and
after cleaning the _chatt_ i went to clean the bathroom with _Harpic_ and
detergent and while i was doing so, idk for what reason my mom had came and went
and told me to clear out the dirt which there was a lot in front of the
bathroom. the thing is that our stairs are not finished like there is nothing.
they are the same way, not even plastered or tiled with some stone or anything.
so that place is a little deeper than the places where there is tiles placed.
Also, there is a thing that people say "summersabul" which after some chatgpt
searches feels that it refers to "submersible pipes and motors" and is just a
localized variation. well when i saw the transition from this to that via
chatgpt as "sub-marse-bul" it felt that it is what they were saying to some
extent. well anyway, so that motors even pumps sands at times which were the
cause of the dirt there. so i had to get it all in some _bori_ (a kind of bag).

so i was cleaning the indian seat with that and it looked good but with some
places that seemed to be less clean. so i put that harpic again and waited and
then did the dirt thing and i was doing that with dedication. well, i got like
10kg of dirt out and i was even breaking stones and cement without knowing that
they were not dirt lol. well, after that i went and cleaned the bathroom and
went downstairs it was near 12:00 and my mom said why did you come here you
should've bathe upstairs but i didn't went there and was there seeing the
condition of my mouth ulcers. well i had forgotten to mention it a lot of times
but i'm doing so now. i had these for like 3-4 days and i didn't know what it
was and i didn't even see it. cz i was unable to find the mirror. we don't have
fixed big mirrors. but a portable small mirror. and idk where it is placed cz i
never actually use it. cz why would you huh? so i found out i could use the
smartphone camera and i did and then used google lens to search it and then
researched and found it was mouth ulcer and read it. also i was going to see
something that had happened to my hand near elbow at the back of the hand at
whcih direction a straight hand could not move (in the right hand) and it hurts
on touch which it is touched a lot. and then my mom had bathed and then i had to
bath. and then, she told me to use shampoo and then when i was going to do she
told me to not use all of it. and then asked how much and she got angry again
and told me to use my brain. and idk man. i ask genuine questions but she never
likes it. and then i was asking why would they not give just enough for a single
person. and she replied they have made it for people with long hairs and i asked
why not for small hairs, then long hair people could use more than 1 sachets and
she got angry again. i can't have a convo with her and i had a bathe and in the
meantime i definitely had more fights but i don't remember much. but i know
she told me to not answer back her, not to ask questions, and to always listen
to her. and ... like. to not be sane. contradictory....
she also said that i'm weird and have become human for the first time and that i
can understand hard to understand things like math and science easily and am
unable to understand general things.

well. whatever, she went downstairs with food most probably and we had to make
chappatis and eat it with sabzi that was about to rot/destroy (sadna) and also.
we had bread and tea with the _bhuji_ (of haldirams) namkeen. it always taste
good that way. so yeah. and she told to not use computer and tv but to sort out
the money but i am not and aarya is the angel of the house so nobody will
question her or say a word to her but yeah. i also didn't do it cz logging it
more important imho. also i'm unable to do things. but ig i'll have to do it. so
yeah whatever. and now that's what i've done. it's 17:07. and i'm going to do
soemthing now. it's a hard job to remember what happened to you in the 12kb
brain brooo.

btw i forgot to say that we had to make some tea for parents and then my sister
made maggi but didn't for me. and then again they asked for tea and we gave.
it's 17:39 now.

after this i had been searching for some browser that i'm going to use and maybe
know more about zen cz i knew it was a thing and also found out about arc but
it's not for linux so i'm using zed now and i tried it a little and then, when i
was going to start doing the project my mom had called me and i had to go
downstairs there and then it was nearly 20:00 and i just stayed there and helped
in things of the shop and ... and then i also got some goods like bread,
tomatoes, and coriander leaves and my sister had also came downstairs this time
for firecrackers but yeah my father had denied and told he'll get them tmrw. and
she got angry and went upstairs and idk what she did i was shutting the shutter
down and he was throwing things and stuff as i could hear the shoutings above
and then she came downstairs again crying and trying to throw stuff and then we
all went upstairs following the normal routine and then i came here replied to
some discord events and then got things ready for dinner and stuff and then ate
it while watching tmkoc and then, i'm here right now writing this log. it's
23:07 atm. and my plan is to sleep asap so that i don't have to massage the legs
and can get some sleep.

btw i forgot to mention that my father was saying that aarya had made a
righteous demand/stubborness/(methaphorical rigidness) though she doesn't
understand our situation.

and that made me think that mine are not though mine makes completely sense and
i do understand the situation...
