# October 20, 2025

Alrighty, I woke up 7:30. And my mom was upstairs asking for toothbrush as per
her speech but i didn't hear it because i was sleeping and was sleepy. but as i
knew she was calling me i went upstairs too and then went to poop and she was
telling where i have put it and i was asking what and she told "the toothbrush"
(well she calls it just "brush") and i said i didn't knew you asked for it. and
then, she was calling aarya to bring it but she didn't wake up and my mom had to
go downstairs. and then my dad came and asked me to get out quick as he had to
poop and so i did. and then i went downstairs and then my mom told me to take my
brush, _gamcha_ (a cloth used by us as a towel but it is not a towel) and a mug
with some detergent in it to get all ready from upstairs only because he had to
do things downstairs. i asked her i'll bath through the tap directly but she
told me to wash the mug and bucket for my father. and then, as you expect i did
brush and cleaned the tongue and washed the mug and bucket and had a bathe. OFC.

then i came downstairs and wore things and had to toast some breads, well 4
exactly to eat and go downstairs because it was 9:00 and "sahil" bhaiya (btw it
means brother) would come at 9:30. and thus, i did and was going to then drink
tea with _Haldirams' Bhujia_ but was unable as he had come and then i went onto
that work and then literally returned near about 13:00 and then had to go again
and for him to eat and then i came at 15:30 and then went again as he had to
poop and then came near about 17:00. and then after i ate the unfinished food
that i was eating while watching a _Core dumped_ video on processes and now i'm
writing this log. well. btw, idk but at some point of contact with mom, i was
again told to shut up and not question and just do as she says. well, NOT ALL
FLOWERS ARE RED!

and while i was downstairs, my father was asking me on the "Vyaapar" app and the
"akcycle" and was asking about some guy who was referring to "Tally" software
but he knew literally nothing what it actually is and was saying it's difficult.
And then i told about "Tally" and giving the metaphorical explaination of
Diaper:MamyPokoPants :: BackendManagementSoftware:Tally and so and so. and then
i was trying to understand what he wants but yeah it's shop so people came and
we got busy and all.

well. i'm from 20:12. so the thing that happened is i was setting up some
shortcuts and workspaces and default browser and i deleted the screen reader
which i didn't even knew existed here before i accidently turned on. and then i
had to put 2 diyas at the temple and quite a few at the home and 4 at the other
house. and i won't explain that in detail. nothing quite much. i just don't feel
how it's been a year. it looks like a month has just passed. anyways, well the
store got closed early on. and my sister and father are outside to get things
like sweets and crackers. there is a lot of noise pollution here and electricity
usage for no freaking reason. i mean, they might be having fun. but i don't bro.

when for a small moment of time, everyone had went upstairs, i had come a little
after and had shut the lights and they got angry and all. well, they are always
angry with me. idgf.

again, crackers were here. and we ate the dinner and after which i had to get
upstairs and stuff and basically the nonsense stuff and then after some time i
came back well almost an hour or more. and then, my mom also came, she was
saying that she feels like she is drunk and wants me to make her sleep and which
i did. also, i'ts 01:02 of 21. and i should go sleep now. well, i've been in a
communication in the Artindiland server where my approximate formal system where
i said that "You are poor implies you don't know undertale" thus you are poor if
you know undertale and stuff. was kind of non-conformist nature and they didn't
like that well and we had a big convo about it and stuff. and the convo has been
supposedly surpressed.
