# October 21, 2025

I woke up at idk what time, but i had woken up after a big dream. While i was
watching my dream. I remember my mom and dad to wake up and go off the place and
me rolling over the mat to idk where i did. well, idk but yeah i was concious
enough to know that. At some time when the dream had ended. My mom tell me how
much are you going to sleep. Well, i woke up and told her and my sister about
the big dream. And lemme write it here as well.

So, for some reason in the dream I had been going to my school using the "TVS
Apache" bike, which my father owns. And i had took my sister with me and went to
school using it. And then idk but i had a convo with dev raj and he said that he
leaves the school at last and i tested that and then i found him going home on
his own idk whatever. and i sat on it with him going his home and then i told
him let's go to school again i forgot my sister and the bike. and then out of
nowhere the cycle came and i was going on a freaking bridge with cycle and my
sister running behind me and idk how the cycle came but yeah i went back and
took the bike and idk what happened to the cycle now and then my sister was
behind me and then i went again over the bridge and then the bridge was like a
big upside down U shaped bridge so i was on the wrong side so i was so near
getting shot at a car but idk what happened. `dream.end()`

So yeah, then my mom said to switch off all the lights which had been on because
the lights were on, even at the store where nobody was there... well i had felt
to poop and i couldn't see my sister so i asked where she was and she was not
upstairs in the bathroom so i could go there but i thought i could speedrun the
light turning off which i did and i reached it on time. though there had been a
little yellow dot scar which i washed away.

Now, when i went downstairs I had to wait as someone was coming who needed a
50kg bag of refined wheat floor (_maida_) so i waited and then went downstairs
to get them that and since there was an absense of "sahil" _bhaiya_ because it
was a tuesday i and that guy both helped each other that to the back of his
bike. people here to save expenses of transportation. do that thing on their
own. and that bike was not a "TVS" (well it's a specific model that is used by
sellers because it is easier to carry ton of goods on). and for some reason that
thing slipped 2 times before it was alright at the 3rd time. the first time the
flour was more at one side than the other. and the other time the elastic rope
or something was in more stress at one side than the other.

anyway after which i had to get the 5k bag of unrefined wheat flour (_aata_)
from the store alongwith lemon and coriander leaves from some nearby store
(specifically from Mahendra). well, i went there and there lemons were not
present so i went towards the "lallu"'s store but there someone had a death and
that's why all those bald people were collected and i predicted i'm not getting
anything and went back and came home and then my mom had made _chola_ alongwith
_puris_ and she asked me to have a bath and then i took a bath and then ate the
food and then when i was going to write the log my mom called me and i was
forced to stay with her and was watching a movie named "Teddy" where there was a
girl who had been trapped in a big criminal circuitry where they smuggle human
body parts illegally by keeping people in coma artificially and for somereason
idk how the girl's spirit had transfered to a teddy and then she had been
concious and she somehow with the help of some "Hero" character had worked out
to get his body back and the stuff.

now, that's done and now i wrote the log. it's 16:39
