# October 22, 2025

The day began, and i woke up at idk when but when i woke up I did the normal
routine things. Like going upstairs and doing brush and poop and then coming
downstairs. Afterwards, my mom told me to go upstairs and broom the _chatt_
because there had been a lot of dirtiness in there as it was diwali yesterday
and the day before yesterday and my sister and father were using a lot of
crackers like pop-pop and idk what the other one means, it looks like a
cigarrate with some thread going out of it from one direction.

well i broomed it and then put it into some bag and then went downstairs again
and then my father was at the _chatt_ seeing the view or whatever idk. and then
my mom was angry and shouting about how everyone leaves every work for her like
how my father is upstairs because they want that i go to shop by passing the
time and all that. though i don't really have a problem and why would i? i'm the
one living out of their donations and kindness

well, then, i went to the shop after having a bath and then handled the the
stuff and then came up again had a little talk and then went again downstairs
for my father to eat the meal. i've not eaten the meal and not even now at
13:57. and my mom is kind of angry that i'm rejecting to eat. I don't feel
hungry. And now she says ok now she is not going to ask me. but as per i know
her she will again sometime soon. but yeah, if i don't feel hungry and don't
want to eat. I don't want to eat.

While i was downstairs, i saw a pretty old woman with white hairs and an old and
king of broken saree with some other clothing that she had used as something to
fill things on. she was shouting through the street saying "to donate _sarees_"
in a pleasing and mercy-needed-manner. and some people donated in front of me.
also, she asked me to have a soap to bath. and then i asked my father who was
eating and then told me to give the _Jo_ soap, which was not being sold and i
gave one piece and then she said "God bless you" or similar. I don't understand
what she means cz the community's lect is kinda different here where i live as i
was moved a little but yeah.

I again realized that, i'm living off of my parent's senseless donation on me.
That's life. And i've to change.
