# October 24, 2025

Writing this at 22:01.
I woke up at the rings of the alarm, dismissing everyone till 6 that I always
do. But this time I had been very sleepy and then only woke up near about 6:20.

Then, I got prepared for school and stuff. I didn't bath then and the whole day
tbqh. Also, i feel you should not have bath all days. Anyway, I prepared for
school and then in the three-wheeler, I was still reading the other chapters of
civics. Well, Shambhavi and his sister this time had went from Ramu's
three-wheeler. Anyway, we had become late due to some _didi_ i don't know name
of. Anyway, at school, this time i couldn't see LOKESH for the diary remark and
I signed it by the librarian, whom people generally call "crow (kaua)". Where I
was standing, I could see R26. And, i was just looking there...

Anyway, Harsh had also been late to school, along with Anurag. And he told me
that his windows install had been corrupt so he tried many linux distros and
finally Ubuntu. And he wanted to .. ok i have to shut it up rn. atm it's 23:53
and my mom says "Ab ye jo batameezi ho rha hai na, kaat denge hum". yk what it
means. And he was asking things about it. I don't remember clearly but he wanted
to use a python library and he was using `sudo apt install
python-3-#idk#-library-name-probably` or related. But yeah, it did not work
(that's why he would ask me). I assumed that it installed it and it would just
install those libraries to the path so that you can run them from the terminal
or something and to use them you should install them using pip so i told him
that but idk if he understood quite nicely so i told that you can ask me these
things online and i'll aid him there.

Well, then, lemme remember what periods were there because i'm continuing things
at 25's 21:24. ok, i had some convo over discord cz why not. and now it's 21:36.
I'll get my school diary in a sec.

Ok, so, 1st period was Hindi. She had to teach the chapter "_do kalakar_". And
she did, after starting to tell about the author "_mandu bhandari_" then telling
her own story and then going to some other direction and then returning to
narrate two pages of the chapter.

The second period was of Computer, and this time, he was quite low and didn't
talk about himself or anyone because he was supposedly ill. And yeah he narrated
some functions and showed examples of them. But yeah, he did normal LOKESH
stuff.

Then it was maths. And we did maths. ofc. Harsh was supposedly sitting near me
whole that day. I don't know remember much cz i've 12kb of dram...
I don't recall what happened so probably nothing happened though i can't say
anything.

Then it was physics. And we, we, yes, "Satyendra" sir came and gave us some
questions over combination of resistors. TBQH, i still don't have some intuitive
understanding of how for parallel resistors, an equivalent single resistor's
resistance's reciprocal is the sum of the reciprocals of the parallel resistors'
resistance. i don't get how it works. and i believe it's because of various
abstractions and i can find my way out and derive it myself.

Then it was chemistry, she most probably taught something ok i get now what she
did. She taught us the extraction process for aluminium. And Harsh and Arpit had
faced some issues.

Then it was history and, you know how it goes. and yes it was not viva this day
and she told that it would be after 28 and she'll give us the dates.

Then it was English and she taught us the chapter "When great trees fall" and
harsh which was sitting near me was sleeping and he told that his head was
aching. and at the end when the bell rang he went backchairs (cz we don't have
benches) and their his mind had become fresh because he was with arpit and
talking and the "Nishat (Zaidi)" mam told that Harsh had some psychological
issues which she often says lmao, because she really believed that he was having
headache and could feel his suffering but now she saw him completely fine and
she linked arpit with jesus as he had the magical touch of healing of some sort
and joked that if anyone has any issues go to arpit. lol

Then, we were in auto rickshaw, i told Shambhavi that it was good that viva
didn't happen that day and she told that she already knew it and if it would
have happened then also it was no worry cz her roll number is more at the end so
her turn would not come and thus she had not studied it the previous day.

Then when I had reached the house, I saw that "Sahil bhaiya" had not come. And
then, I went upstairs and then we were there, we ate food and my mom had come
for a split second also not for us but for taking some goods with the help of
someone that i didn't see because he and she had not come where we were. Anyway,
I had to go downstairs after some time. And i don't remember much of what
happened there. And then after some time near 4 or 5 idk, maybe 4 so (16:00), we
had shut the store because my father and i had to go for servicing the TVS
vehicle that people often use for transporting goods. But yeah, the bike or
whatever it was, was not getting started my father was putting effort and at
times the front lights of it were blinking after some time he went and I tried,
my hardest and it was not working. I tried for idk how much time but yeah it
didn't even blinked when i did. but it used to blink and did blink when my
father did. but yet it was not starting. Anyway, after sometime, my mom came
downstairs and then after some discussion, my father went to bring some person
or ask or whatever idk and then we all came upstairs (except my father ofc) and
i thought of doing some useful things or sleep cz i had been feeling sleepy all
day. Well, i asked my mom and she told that my father would come anytime so you
should be doing something else but sleep but then i told her that i felt sleepy
so she told that you can sleep but you would have to wake up when he comes. And
then i slept, against my sister who was also sleeping and my mom was eating food
then. And then, I slept and woke up at 21:00 and my father and mom and sister
were all in front of tv watching something there and my mom on her smartphone.
And yeah, I did things like writing some of log ig and then I ate food and then
pooped and then wrote the log and then, my mom stopped me and stuff. And then I
sleeped again. Btw it's 22:18 of 25.
