# October 25, 2025

It's 23:50 atm. ahh-yeahhhh.

So, I woke up at 5. yes. 5:00. and then my mom knew and since i had slept a lot
yesterday. I was like woken up and watching some yt videos. And then my mom had
become angry due to that because i had not bath in the morning (cz it was so
cold). I'm from 20:59 of 26. _So much log debt, omg_ Well. lemme finish this up.

Well, my mom had been angry for a lot of reasons then but yeah no reason was
sane so yeah nvm all that. and i don't remember much as well. that's some
serious issue ngl. how am i going to write the analysis over them, huh. i'll
think of how to fix it later but let's continue with this day's log.

So, as much I remember, my father had woken up for that day, as some bags of
goods had came which had to be put. it was probably wheat flour, refined or as
it is and that also of different package sizes and all. Well, a little before we
had went to school and even went downstairs from here, my father had gone
because of the goods ofc. and dad had informed us about the three-wheeler's
incoming and when we went downstairs, we this time had went from the shutter way
because it was already open to let the goods in.

Well, this time when we had stopped at Shambhavi's stop there was already the
"Ramu" guy and he told us to switch to his three-wheeler and we did and then
"Lallu" also switched the three-wheeler and made us go to school and we barely
reached on time. Well, ig they were late and the "Ramu" guy was waiting for
their incoming because they had come.

So, we reached the school and I like went a seat back and people were trying to
move me but i didn't because of R26 but ok. So, yeah. Somil had started to make
the "What's up" joke lol. Well the joke is that we ask that and we answer it
literally. like air, rooftop and he says roof and top are some brands, well ik
of the latter but not of the former but ok whatever.

So, yeah. well. lemme tell you what happened. First period was Geography. and he
narrated the things. idk if he put me again but he probably would have did. Then
it was english and she taught us about it from the smartboard and made us do
some exercises. Then it was biology and that guy was teaching us nervous system.
NGL, bro is teaching that for quite a lot of time and is repeating for no reason
whatsoever. well the funny thing is that it seems he itself doesn't know many
things cz he describes reflex arc as an actual arc like when there is a mosquito
biting you over one hand then you use the other hand to slap over that hand. and
he calls the arc that is made by that hand the reflex arc, atleast that is what
it he's supposedly referring to by his words and manner.

Anyway, the next period was history and i don't need to say a single more word
to describe it as of now and then it was the lunch and i ate the food and it
took all the time. And then it was maths and we did maths and then it was hindi
and we were taught also she told us that we had to do hindi viva and before that
we had to complete all of the notebooks and submit it as well. and i didn't knew
what was going on so i asked kshitija which was sitting a seat behind beside me
to tell me what chapters had happened and what had been done and yeah getting
the statistics.

Well, after this period, it was games. also, i remember that Ayush Kumar has
brought the smartphone secretly and had clicked photos and stuff.

So, this time i put off my bag and was roaming and thinking of what to do. I
found that rishabh was kind of alone so i went near him the volleyball court cz
he had invited me once a long ago that i could play with him so yeah i was going
to play with him and people later joined me. And they were making the "_hag
diya_" jokes on each other by replacing it with _stool_, which Anya didn't
understood. Anyway, they were doing things and I often took the ball when it
went too far but yeah i had played the ball as well. They were making joke of me
that have i completed the syllabus for i'm playing but whatever whatever. They
were making fun of each other by saying how are you a Zonal/State player. And
Ayush Kumar was amazed on how I was playing. Shambhavi was playing basketball
with Laksh at that time and Satakshi was also present there.

Well, the period got over and when i was going out of the school gates,
Shambhavi asked if i play volleyball and i said no, but i tried today. Then,
she asked did you learn anything and i replied "How a fool can tell if he is
fool or not" and she understood that i was calling those who were playing fool
but i said no i'm the fool, and since i'm that i can't say about my expertise.
And then we came home and "sahil" bhaiya was still not present and we ate food
and i had again went downstairs at 15:00.

there happened somethings but i don't think i've the ability to write about them
at the moment both because i don't remember much and because my father is asking
me to massage his legs.

Anyway, when i came upstairs at night. I had wrote some of the log and then ate
and watched tmkoc and stuff and then, that's most of it. I've heavily summarized
cz i need to complete my log-debt, and i've 12kb of memory.
