# October 26, 2025

I don't know what happened exactly today, well ig i know. i woke up at 8 ig and
got ready at idk what time but yeah i opened the store and then, whole day i was
downstairs. And then i came upstairs at idk when and then i ate while watching
tmkoc's GPL2 and that's it. and i had wrote the log of yesterday both before
eating and after eating and it's 23:32 atm and my father is shouting at me to
massage his legs. Well, there has been some things that i might write but ig not
now. I've to pack up my bag for tmrw school. idk if i would do that now.

Pankaj bhaiya had came in the morning at the store while i was sweeping and he
took the photos and uploaded at the Saral app. He had done this one more time
before and he did that again. I don't know what's going on. He's doing something
from my father's smartphone and i had checked later in the day in the evening
that the account name is of somebody else and that's not someone i know of. it's
sus.

later in the day, the mom of preeti had came and bought a fortune kacchi ghani
oil. And i gave her and my mom asked if her daughter studies with me and i
replied yes. and her mother asked if i study at some tuition and my mom said that
i don't. And she didn't believe her and nor me. Well nobody in my school even
believes that... My mom had said that i teach others. My father said that
filling so many sheets is not bravery and i get less that 90% and i replied that
i fill as necessary and that my marks will improve when the subjects i lose
marks on will be gone in 11th.

Anyway, idk what much to say again but yeah. When pankaj bhaiya had came we had
some small fights as I had said that "why are you sitting here" because his
stuff was given to him way before and he was watching reels or things and he got
angry out of me. I explained that i'm just asking for getting you what you need
if you need something but whatever whatever. and after sometime i asked him
about the account that he had created but he didn't reply and whatever whatever.
and idk somethings also happened but i don't think it needs to be written here.
