# October 27, 2025

I woke up at 6. i got ready and packed up my bag but still i had not wore the
clothes till 6:50 so my mom had been angry though i had been doing things all
that time. when i went in the three-wheeler, i saw a girl with a black bag which
wore a black mask for some reason and from far it looked like it was shambhavi
but it was not. it was some completely different girl idk about. anyway, we all
went to school. this time a bench that was placed between was not there idk why.
that thing made us to have more space to sit on but nvm.

Then, we reached school and not many people were there but there were. I went a
seat back and there was Anand's bag and i put it back. Then R26 was going to sit
next to me but she didn't and went back near Preeti. after some time they both
asked me if shambhavi had come and i said no. and then the prayer and stuff
happened and then we sat and we were moved a seat ahead anyway my the teacher.
and she had to tell some questions but then he moved to the story telling mode
and she did that. and then the next period was english and she came and the
extramarks was not working and then she went back saying she'll come in sometime
but she didn't and i had slept and she came 5min before period being over and
just made us introduced the poem, "The Considerable Speck". and she used words
like IQ level and intelligence and it made me think about what it is actually
because they use it very loosely and stuff. And it seemed silly as well.

Then it was Geography and he was teaching Agriculture chapter and he asked me
about things like nimona sabzi which i had forgotten is a sabzi. and he asked if
i know that new chawal (i.e, rice) is produced in winter and i said no "i don't
eat rice" and by that i literally meant that i don't eat rice like in a habitual
sense not that i never ate rice and he said that i say these things to get some
reaction and everyone's laughing. and then he asked for rajma and stuff and i
said i **know** it (just) because i've not eaten or even seen it.

Anyway then it was maths, and we did maths. and harsh and arpit were there
talking about crypto miners and one that they might buy and talking about the
efficiency that was 1.16 hashes/second. and then, they were saying they would
require to score 90%+ to get themselves to do business. idk. while talking,
someone from the back, by some sources anurag had poured and thrown water on us
from the back. then, lunch happened and then while coming back to class after
eating and washing my hands. ayush had made me stop and was talking about me
about the life and then he had asked some questions related to my life and stuff
trying to have fun ig. well, whatever, it was the physics period then but ig he
was absent and maths teacher came and taught us and then, biology and he taught
us sense organs, well about eye atm and he had told students at the back to come
in the front and ayush did and he told the same to girls and kshitija and preeti
had came to the frontmost seats. and he taught. idk what else to say. the last
period was his as well. and then, it was all over at 12. a little before usual
due to orders from the government. anyway, i found that satakshi was present and
the vehicle on which we sit was not present at that time. it was about to come
she said which she knew from some other person. anyway, it came and after some
confusion we sat in that vehicle and not in the one we already were though we
sat in there first and stuff and stuff. then, i found some girl idk what's her
name but yeah i know her maybe it's "mansimar rajpal" or related and she is the
daughter of some grocery store near the hanuman mandir which existed.
anyway, she was sitting there and it was somewhat suprising. that time i also
saw shweta mam and prashast at the other side of the road and as we moved i saw
them sitting in a auto. and when we descended i was seeking to see him but
couldn't as it seemed but yeah the last time i saw back i did see him and he
also did and waved at me and i replied so. then i came house and was thinking
about what happened throughout the day and predicting if the shop will be opened
or close. and i thought it would be open but idk, my prediction gone wrong it
was not open and my father had went for repairing the TVS and goods had come
which my mom was supervising being kept in the godown. My sister went upstairs
and i stayed there and the driver and they were talking about things on how much
they earn and how and how government employees earn so much though they do
nothing and still how they are not satisfied. and my mom told me about my past
because i did not remember something, yeah i didn't remember when the tvs was
bought and she expected me to and i said that i remember only 4 class onwards
and she said she also only knows some glimpses of her old life and she told me
that when she had took me to the modi school for checking for my admission when
i was not in some school, i was like a lion investigating things and i was
non-conformist as others cried to be there but i was there and was not leaving
the place saying that i have to study in there and then my mom had to say that
they have to buy books and stuff and then i went from there. and after sometime,
things happened. we went upstairs and i had to bath and then i'm writing this
log. i'm missing some details because i've to eat and stuff and my father had
returned and my mom had went downstairs for a bit because the oil had came which
needed to be stored. Anyway, i suspect the store is going to be opened by me in
some time but ig that would happen after i eat. it's 14:55 atm

it's 15:56 and i just came after eating. and my father is drinking tea and
watching something on it's smartphone. idk what's going to happen.

well, i was learning about TWMs and decided to use awesome wm but idk what
happened and apt has broken idk how but their is a conflict of 2 libraries
`libkf5purpose-bin` and `libkf6purpose-bin`. and i'm learning about what these
mean and like solving but it's not really solved. also, we had to go downstairs
for giving some stuff to pankaj bhaiya and ashif bhaiya. and then i had went to
take some vegies and bread and milk. and then we ate tea and bread and it's
22:11.

and then was watching videos and learning things and then at midnight i had to
shut this pc off and then massaged papa's legs for idk how much time. but still
a quite amount of time ig.
