# October 28, 2025

So, i woke up at idk when but maybe at 9:xx and then i put the mat and blankets
of but while doing that i had to poop so i went upstairs real quick and my
father had just got off ig and then i went and poop. and then after doing so i
brushed and did things and came downstairs and then again went upstairs to
remove some blankets that we had put over the jaali/roshandan whatever you might
call it idk. it's a thing. and that was because it was raining yesterday and if
it did heavily it would be a problem and my mom could not make things as the
kitchen is not finished yk. anyway, that happened and i was thinking idk what
and then after some time when mom called me i went downstairs again and then
took some money to get some sabzi and jalebi from a nearby halwai and he had
been making samosa and longlatas so i came back and told and she told that it
might be because all the labourers would have been in the ghat because of chatt
puja thus they are not making that ig. and then she told i should have bought
samosas but whatever and then she is making tea and idk what and then i'm doing
some things over my pc. nothing much to say ig. but yeah my father shows
mad-like behaviour randomly. like he jokingly got mad at me and started hitting
with gamcha and then started dancing and after coming from the bath he said, why
haven't you prepared my undergarments, go get them quick or i'll toggle the
button switch (which was connected to wifi, ig) and i said ok but you had not
told me in advance and then my sister affirmed and then he said yeah i had not
said that. like what the f\*ck. atm it's 11:34.

it's 14:47. the situation is kind of tensed. my mom is mad because my father
ain't doing a thing. he has not been going to get goods on tuesdays, the
regional holiday for a long time. (i'm back again and it's 16:17 atm). and he
was planning to go today. that's the reason the store was off yesterday to
accompany going to the market by bike today. but he was being lazy and started
writing a long list that he always does but never buys anything from it. that's
one problem. he accounts but does not use it. he lists but does not use it. and
that was again started and his laziness was being shown to my mom and there had
been some agitation and tension in the situation. also, i was told to teach
aarya maths. and i went. the fact is that she sometimes learns and she has some
motivation atm to learn maths because he has participated in maths olympiad and
there are some questions related to fractions which she is asking and i'm doing
so. but the thing is that she doesn't listen to me in one session. the thing is
divided so much that i'm getting a little irritated cz i don't have time and i'm
giving my time to her because i really want to save her from being "normal". and
my mom, a little ago, called the barberman to ask if he was free and stuff and
ig i would have to go there. now, i don't want to go there. I'm not getting time
for my own work and cutting hair is not as important as any others. i don't want
my hair to be CUT. BROO SDKFSDJLKFJ: aaah. if i ask that why not just erase all
of my hair. then also she says no and don't be ill mannered and how did you
become this way and .... she says i don't know how to speak to elders and what
not what not WHAT NOT. idk. well anyway, i skipped a part. after sometime
teaching aarya, i had to go downstairs getting things ready as ashif bhaiya had
to take some goods and that happened. i don't want to go in detail.

so, i went to pankaj bhaiya a little time afterwards, as the barber's phone was
switched off and i had to go anyway to take some goods from there. and then i
went and found out that it was closed so i talked to mom talking about things
from there and told that the barber shop is closed but after ending the call i
found it got opened and went there and got my hair cut and i had told him to
call my mom about the haircut and also for informing that i'm here but he said
he'll call at the end and he didn't listen to my request but yeah he had been
calling someone yelling/abusing him for not opening the shop as people were
waiting outside for it to open according to opening time most probably, idk.

anyway, after that he called my mom and my mom asked if the hair was short and
the barber said it was and it was a school boy cut. and then he gave the call to
me to say that it's short and my mom reasked. and i said tell me the exact
measurement so that i can measure it here and then tell accordingly. idk what
short and long is supposed to mean in the current context. then, i paid the
40inr and then bought the things from pankaj bhaiya and then came back to house
and my mom earlier had said that she is feeling to eat _golgappas_ so i said ok,
i have to do what you tell me to (as it was after the barber incident) and then
the utilities and the bag was all prepared and then after coming i went again
and then found out that there was nobody and then a little distance away i saw a
crowd of people talking and one of them was one of the person who accompanied in
the family golgappa shop and then i asked if it was close and asked for mobile
to talk and then talked to mom and then asked him if we can know if the shop is
open or close from this phone number and he said it was not his number but of
someone else but he said he would tell if it is open so i mean ok whatever. and
then i asked if she needs anything from here and she said none but i suggested
breat most probably and then she said ok and then, in the way coming back i ate
2 plates of 10inr manchurian, idk if we call it that but ok whatever. and then i
got bread and went home and she was concerned about me as i was not able to call
her and she got a little angry as well and then like previously my father was
sleeping (ig i'ven't mentioned but my father had gone to sleep after the tense
incident) and then my mom made maggi for me and took off the blanket from my
father as he was just acting and hearing my mom's blabbles (or whatever you call
it) and when he woke up he was doing things and hiding from my mom in front of
tv eating maggi herself on a plate and he ate from mine's part 6 times before i
did and i told him to stop and lemme eat. and then my mom heard and call me and
told me to give mine to him and take her part. i ate there and some stuff happened
i don't recall in detail and yeah my father came there and sat on the mat and ...

Now, tbqh, i just ate the food there and did normal things and then went to
sleep we slept a little early at 11:00 but i got awake near 11:30 when rain had
probably started and my father took my sister and went upstairs and my mom had
also got up for unknown reasons and he probably didn't take me because he
believed im' sleeping. and then things happened and i slept again before he
came. i don't remember quite much. it's 23:01 of 29 atm.
