# October 29, 2025

So, i woke up. It was late. Probably at 6:30+. and then my sister was not awake
and then i told her and after 10 mins of attempt i went upstairs and pooped and
then brushed and while brushing she came and she asked that have i not done this
till now and i replied yes cz i had not woken up early and then my mom had
packed up the tiffin and when i went downstairs i found out that she had went
back to sleep after that. and then we got ready like everyday and then, went to
school and like everyday (or most days), we were first and then shambhavi and
her sister satakshi and then other people and then school and then we were there
and i had to sit in the front again because my seats were captured by the
somil-amanpreet-and .... group and yeah. it meant i couldn't sit a little near
R26 but ig ok. and then, a little after assembly. btw this time we were not
called out. i found out that she was absent in the attendance. and then classes
ran, the first period was history and yk what happens there and then, it was
computer and lokesh was lokeshing by being egoistic and lecturing like always
idk how to describe it here in words. also, when we swapped, dev had invited me
to join the physics exhibition as well and he had the idea of submarine and we
were talking about that but it was blocked by lokesh as well. but yeah we'll get
to it again. i was interested though. also, harsh was alongside me in there.

and then the period was of satyendra sir but ig nishat mam was confused as he
had came first and then she got to know that it was not her period a little
after and then she went and it followed the incoming of satyendra sir and he
taught about commercial units and formulas related to current electricity and
then it was chemistry and mam came a little late as i had slept in that time.
and i woke up when a bunch of people well, all from the somil-amanpreet... group
were running from the gate to their seats and then mam came and she asked anant,
the boy monitor of the class about who were standing near the door (he was one
of them) and there had been some talks like why were you standing. why did you
guys not stand in the front of staff room. have i forgotten that i've a period
in this class and ... and then asked gargi, the girl monitor, why she had no
objection and ... and then she taught about i don't remember that bit well
because it was split between two classes (you'll get in a bit). ok anyway,
continuing, it was lunch afterwardsand then the period was of satyendra sir but
ig nishat mam was confused as he had came first and then she got to know that it
was not her period a little after and then she went and it followed the incoming
of satyendra sir and he taught about commercial units and formulas ofrelated to
current electricity and then it was chemistry and mam came a little late as i
had slept in that time. and i woke up when a bunch of people well, primarilyall
from the somil-amanpreet... group were running from the gate to their seats and
then mam came and she asked anant, the boy monitor of the class about who were
standing near the door (he was one of them) and there had been some talks like
why were you standing. why did you guys not stand in the front of staff room.
have i forgotten that i've a period in this class and ... and then asked gargi,
the girl monitor, why she had no objection and ... and then she asked me to open
extramarks but it was not working like the day before yesterday but it was
working on saturday and .... but yeah, then she taught about ahhhhh, i don't
remember that bit well because it was split between two classes (you'll get in a
bit). ok anyway, continuing, it was lunch afterwards and there harsh told that
she is a bit irritating and this time she didn't say a word to him and i said
that but he said only this time. and idk what is the issue. well anyway i went
to wash my hands and on the way coming, abhinav and some other guy ik but not
the name had came and were asking about something in an ill manner related to
similarity of triangles that too without diagram of the triangles so i told them
to come to me and show me and i'll tell him and then he said i'll come to your
class after eating. and just when he went to his class and i was going to my
class, gaurav told me that dev (raj, and not developer lol) is calling me for
chess. and then i said ok i'm coming and then i was going to get in the class
from the back door but there were shambhavi and laksh talking so i decided to go
from the front door and then i had some talk with harsh ig and he asked what
i've brought and i told that well come to section a, i'm going there as he has
called me for chess and then he also went there to eat my 50-50 which was in the
tiffin alongside _lithi/bati_ related to similarity of triangles that too
without diagram of the triangles so i told them to come to me and show me and
i'll tell him and then he said i'll come to your class after eating. and just
when he went to his class and i was going to my class, gaurav told me that hedev
(raj, and not developer lol) is calling me for chess. and then i said ok i'm
coming and then i was going to get in the class from the back door but there
were shambhavi and laksh talking so i decided to go from the front door and then
i had some talk with harsh ig and he asked what i've brought and i told that
well come to section a, i'm going there as he has called me for chess and then
ihe also went there to eat my 50-50 which was in the tiffin alongside
_lithi/bati_ and then we went there and he described his design again and we
were talking about that and the parts and stuff. and then, usha mam had
suddenly appeared and i got a little frightened and harsh asked me why i'm
fearing, there's nothing to fear. but ok whatever. we were in the first seats.
adn then we went out from the back door and then entered our class where nobody
was there but yeah, mahaveer came in some time and then he continued teaching
about things and yeah he never forgets to simp and yeah he pointed out that
"shambhavi-laksh" is quite known as per now as they always sit near each
other.and then we went there and he described his design again and we were
talking about that and the parts and stuff. and then, usha mam had suddenly
appeared and i got a little frightened and harsh asked me why i'm fearing,
there's nothing to fear. but ok whatever. we were in the first seats. adn then
we went out from the back door and then entered our class where nobody was there
but yeah, mahaveer came in some time and then he continued teaching about things
and yeah he never forgets to simp and yeah he pointed out that "shambhavi-laksh"
is quite known as per now as they always sit near each other.and then we went
there and he described his design again and we were talking about that and the
parts and stuff. and then, usha mam had suddenly appeared and i got a little
frightened and harsh asked me why i'm fearing, there's nothing to fear. but ok
whatever. we were in the first seats. adn then we went out from the back door
and then entered our class where nobody was there but yeah, mahaveer came in
some time and then he continued teaching about things and yeah he never forgets
to simp and yeah he pointed out that "shambhavi-laksh" is quite known as per now
as they always sit near each other. anyway, arpit was sitting near me at that
point and idk about the harsh though ahh idk. anyway, then, it was chemistry
again (as the previous ones were due to replacement of practical periods to
theory as no practicals were conducted atm) and then, what happened, i don't
remember clearly but ik that in both sessions, the point was this chapter was
over. and we were taught about alloys and asked over them. well the exercises
were not done but ig we'll do it tmrw or whatever. there once in the combined
session, she had asked two backbenchers to read the alloys and their properties
from the book and they were unable to read clearly and harsh told that it's what
is irritating, she could slap, shout, yell, get them out of the class. but she
chosed to _jallil_ (i.e, insult) them. well. ok whatever. then it was maths. and
then, we did maths. also i found out a new way of doing things as one problem
involved doing some maneuvor (i.e, insult) them. well. ok whatever. then it was
maths. and then, we did maths. also i found out a new way of doing things as one
problem involved doing some maneuvor (i.e, insult) them. well. ok whatever. then
it was maths. and then, we did maths. also i found out a new way of doing things
as one problem involved doing some maneuver like this. where you do:
a/b = c/d => a/c = b/d to make different triangles similar and it was quite
clever ngl. and yeah ok whatever, then it was the 0 period. yes, it was a new
temporary period at the end of everything where you are supposed to talk discuss
and at the end work for the exhibition. and then, i had chosen to work in the
computer one so i thought well, i don't need to go anywhere. and lucky had asked
me about mine status and i replied so and then harsh told me to let's find lokesh
or other people who are in computer and ... and then we were looking in section
a where arun sir was there talking to some people maybe about the project and
there were not both of those tho and then i was going back to class and then
harsh told me to find them so ok i went with him and he said why do i fear, and
i mean, ok whatever leave that. and then, he told me to find in the physics lab.
idk why but ok we went and there were those 3 (dev, gaurav, vaibhov) and then
after some discussion we went inside and started discussing and the submarine
idea got cancelled and in the essense we had started to plan on some robot idea
and the budget of like 1000-2000inr and ... and yeah, good experience. as i had
some topic on which i could talk and stuff. and i don't think i have the ability
to describe everything. well i'll describe everything when we have planned ig
but ok till now. and then after some discussion we went inside and started
discussing and the submarine idea got cancelled and in the essense we had
started to plan on some robot idea and the budget of like 1000-2000inr and ...
and yeah, good experience. as i had some topic on which i could talk and stuff.
and i don't think i have the ability to describe everything. well i'll describe
everything when we have planned ig but ok till now. and then after some
discussion we went inside and started discussing and the submarine idea got
cancelled and in the essense we had started to plan on some robot idea and the
budget of like 1000-2000inr and ... and yeah, good experience. as i had some
topic on which i could talk and stuff. and i don't think i have the ability to
describe everything. well i'll describe everything when we have planned ig but
ok till now. so, then, satyendra sir had called us to write our names who were
participating and i and harsh were also in their team and then we were still
deciding on the things and the design of it and stuff. and gaurav was a critique
founding bad points of our ideas which was a good thing actually. and vaibhov
was unable to hear lmao and i and some other people had to reexplain what's
going on. well. then after the last bell, we had decided to make a discord or
whatsapp group like thingy to chat upon and i put up the discord cz yk. ok. so,
we went back to our classes and their lucky was asking about things. and i
replied. also, i've told like really everyone that i'm going to work on a chess
engine for the exhibition if i could but if not then i've the game. lmao. and
btw, after that we all went and i was unable to find my sister and was searching
for her and then i found prashast and he asked me and i replied similarly and
then, cz it was a little late, i went to the vikram and then sat there and found
out shambhavi and her sister both have taken in geography exhibition and her
sister saying because it was easy. shambhavi has to like symbolize methods of
irrigation and i knew but forgot about her sister and i told about my things as
well. i also told her about the incident with preeti's mother when she saw her
going on the road that she didn't believe that i don't go to tuitions. and she
said she jokes on that. also, she said that i should not fear going out and
moving as the convo had moved that way. and she also found out my team members
and told that they were good and "padhaku" and i said who is "padhaku" in us
like i don't study and harsh doesn't and ... well, that's majority and then, we
went to store and there were no sahil bhaiya so a similar routine, i came
upstairs and bath and eat and then went downstairs and then came upstairs again
for eating unfinished food which was unfinished as i had to go downstairs not
saying in detail ofc. but it's the normal routine and i can't describe
everything because i've 12kb of memory. SHIT. anyway, i was upstairs only till
5:30 ig and then my mom had asked me for the _golgappa wala_'s number as she had
to ask if it was open as she wanted to eat them and then, i gave and the guy
said it was open and then went downstairs and after clearing some customers went
and then, found out it was closed and found that the other brothers of him were
open but not him and then i confused, came back home. the thing is that person's
golgappas are the most tasty. so yeah. anyway, when i come back. i was ok with
going again but my mom after some doubt decided to not go and then called that
guy and he said well take from the brothers they also sell but yeah she asked
the phone number of that guy called him and did things. well, the summary is
that i worked in the store and it got closed at idk what time and i had stayed
in the shop as my father was making accounts and my mom had went upstairs for
work and i was there as i had to put focus on couting goods that had to be
loaded in a vehicle to be sent to alok agrahari and stuff. and then, i slept
there and then, had to reopen the store to accompany going of goods and some
customers came and go and yeah there had been a couple of dogs born and stuff.
btw, whatsapp group had been made this day and i had talked in it but i dont'
think i need to copy a lot of things in here. so yeah. also i can't lmao. ok.
so, i came upstairs with my father at the end and he had forgotten to shut the
light that he always do and doesn't let me and then i had to go downstairs
again. and then i came upstairs and after some talks in the group i had to eat
and then well yeah, i had to complete the 28 & 29 log which i'm doing and like
everybody has been sleeping and i might pack my bag and then go to sleep as
well. it's 23:53. i've been writing log for like 90mins ig. idk

AAAH
